Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 Director(s) James Gunn Writer(s) James Gunn Producer(s) Kevin Feige Louis D'Esposito Victoria Alonso Nikolas Korda Sara Smith Jonathan Schwartz David J. Grant Mary Livanos Simon Hatt Composer John Murphy Release Date May 5, 2023 Running Time 150 minutes Box Office $845.5 million More Information Full Credits Characters Awards Merchandise Trivia Release Home Video Marvel Cinematic Universe ← Previous Next → Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania The Marvels "My beloved raccoon , this story has been yours all along. You just didn't know it." ― Lylla to Rocket Raccoon Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 (stylized as Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 3 ) is a 2023 superhero film, based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name . The film is a sequel to Guardians of the Galaxy , Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 , Avengers: Endgame and The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special . It is the thirty-second film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and the second installment of Phase Five . The film was released on May 5, 2023. The film is written and directed by James Gunn and stars Chris Pratt as Peter Quill/Star-Lord , Zoe Saldana as Gamora , Dave Bautista as Drax the Destroyer , Karen Gillan as Nebula , Pom Klementieff as Mantis , featuring Vin Diesel as Groot , Bradley Cooper as Rocket Raccoon , Sean Gunn as Kraglin Obfonteri , Chukwudi Iwuji as High Evolutionary , Will Poulter as Adam Warlock , Elizabeth Debicki as Ayesha , Maria Bakalova as Cosmo and Sylvester Stallone as Stakar Ogord . Contents 1 Synopsis 2 Plot 3 Cast 4 Appearances 4.1 Locations 4.2 Events 4.3 Items 4.4 Vehicles 4.5 Sentient Species 4.6 Creatures 4.7 Organizations 4.8 Mentioned 5 Production 6 Videos 6.1 Trailers 6.2 TV Spots 6.3 Clips 6.4 Featurettes 6.5 Other 7 Music 8 References 9 External Links Synopsis [ ] In Marvel Studios ' Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 our beloved band of misfits are settling into life on Knowhere . But it isn't long before their lives are upended by the echoes of Rocket 's turbulent past. Peter Quill , still reeling from the loss of Gamora , must rally his team around him on a dangerous mission to save Rocket's life—a mission that, if not completed successfully, could quite possibly lead to the end of the Guardians as we know them.

Plot [ ] Adam Warlock battles Drax While the Guardians of the Galaxy restore the outpost on Knowhere , they put a drunken Peter Quill mourning the loss of Gamora to sleep. At that moment, Adam Warlock suddenly attacks the Guardians, who undergo severe injuries when managing to fight him back. The Guardians find Rocket Raccoon near death when Adam retreats, with Rocket having moments of his past flash before his eyes, meeting Lylla , Teefs and Floor from Batch 89 after being experimented on for the first time. The Guardians prepare to infiltrate the Orgoscope The team finds out they can't interact with Rocket, enabling his kill switch, prompting them to find a way to override it and save Rocket by infiltrating OrgoCorp 's, Rocket's experimenters, headquarters with help from the Ravagers . Alongside the Ravagers' newest member, Gamora , the Guardians enter the Orgoscope while Adam has returned to the High Evolutionary beside Ayesha , but without Rocket. The High Evolutionary threatens Ayesha to get Rocket back to him before he ends the Sovereign race. The Guardians leave the Orgoscope damaged Rocket remembers bettering the High Evolutionary's way of perfecting life as Peter, Gamora and Nebula get the pass key while Mantis and Drax get Groot to allow their escape to the Bowie . Seemingly obtaining what they were looking for, an alarm goes off sending Orgosentries toward the team. They thwart them and escape from the Orgoscope. Gamora and Nebula learn of Theel Rocket has a flashback of him and his friends establishing their names and his promise to travel in a spaceship with them while the Guardians view Rocket's experimentation on the file they got, embedding no pass key. They however find that one of the High Evolutionary's recorders, Theel , has this key downloaded in his memory. They set out to find him on Counter-Earth as Ayesha confronts a Ravager , fried by Adam when wanting him to tell Gamora's whereabouts, later following Gamora. Star-Lord and Groot escape Arête Laboratories Upon the Guardians' arrival, Rocket is reminded of the High Evolutionary's meltdown concerning Rocket's method being proven to be better. He told Rocket he was never meant to live on Counter-Earth with his friends, who would be shot when Rocket tried to save them, escaping afterwards. With Ayesha's incoming arrival, the Guardians asks a resident's help of finding the recorder, being lead toward the ship ahead. Quill and Groot meet the High Evolutionary and the recorder while War Pig is sent to capture Rocket, though fought by Gamora. The ship begins to lift off as the High Evolutionary blows Counter-Earth up, leading Quill to leap off of it with Theel when Nebula, Drax and Mantis try and save them. Knowhere crashes into Arête Laboratories Rocket sees a vision of his friends, being invited to join them in time, returning to his friends for now. When Nebula, Drax and Mantis are informed, they are held captive by the High Evolutionary, along with his Star Children , ordering the rest to bring him Rocket. The High Evolutionary's ship is however confronted by the Guardians and Knowhere's cannon. Once the Hell Spawn are released upon the Guardians and Knowhere, and the cannon fires into the laboratory, Drax's, Mantis' and Nebula's cage opens to three Abilisks Mantis manages to control. Adam Warlock, held captive on Quill and Gamora's ship, faces them when Gamora threatens his pet Blurp . They escape the ship with Blurp though, landing upon the laboratory's entrance as the ship self-destructs. The Guardians enter Arête Laboratories Entering the lab, all Guardians fend off the High Evolutionary's troops. They also free every other captive, leading them to Knowhere. Revisiting his former cage, Rocket finds out he is indeed a raccoon when rescuing a multitude of them. Rocket is soon apprehended by the High Evolutionary, who he fights along with his team members. With the opportunity to end his life, Rocket decides to spare him due to his status as a Guardian of the Galaxy. The High Evolutionary would be imprisoned on Knowhere.

They have the caged animals hop aboard Knowhere as well, but Quill unfortunately loses his Zune , rushing to retrieve it and try to make it back in time. He slowly drifts in space nonetheless, but was saved by Adam Warlock. Rocket Raccoon leads the new Guardians Later, Quill, wanting to spend more time on Earth , Mantis, seeking independence, Drax, raising the Star Children, Nebula, leading Knowhere, and Gamora, returning to the Ravagers, disband from the team, with Rocket now the leader. The new Guardians of the Galaxy, with Warlock, Blurp and Star Child Phyla as new additions, embark on a mission on Krylor . Peter Quill meets his grandfather again On Earth, Quill reunites with his grandfather, Jason Quill , that he has not seen since his kidnapping. He'd enjoy breakfast as his grandfather reads a newspaper on Kevin Bacon 's kidnapping . Cast [ ] Chris Pratt as Peter Quill/Star-Lord Zoe Saldaña as Gamora Dave Bautista as Drax the Destroyer Karen Gillan as Nebula Pom Klementieff as Mantis Vin Diesel as Groot (voice) Austin Freeman as On-Set Groot Bradley Cooper as Rocket Raccoon (voice) Sean Gunn as Kraglin Obfonteri / Rocket Raccoon (motion capture) Noah Raskin as Baby Rocket Raccoon (voice) Chukwudi Iwuji as High Evolutionary Will Poulter as Adam Warlock Elizabeth Debicki as Ayesha Maria Bakalova as Cosmo the Spacedog (voice & motion capture) Slate as Cosmo the Spacedog (on-set movement & behavior) Sylvester Stallone as Stakar Ogord Michael Rosenbaum as Martinex Daniela Melchior as Ura Dee Bradley Baker as Blurp (voice) Stephen Blackehart as Steemie Blueliver Sarah Alami as Ssssaralami Terence Rosemore as Xlomo Smeth Troy Beecham as Drunk Knowherian Linda Cardellini as Lylla Asim Chaudhry as Teefs Mikaela Hoover as Floor Nathan Fillion as Master Karja Miriam Shor as Vim Nico Santos as Theel Kai Zen as Phyla Tara Strong as Mainframe (voice) Judy Greer as War Pig Reinaldo Faberlle as Behemoth Jennifer Holland as Administrator Kwol Michael Rooker as Yondu Udonta Seth Green as Howard the Duck Lloyd Kaufman as Gridlemop Gregg Henry as Jason Quill Christopher Fairbank as Broker James Gunn as Lambshank (voice) Rhett Miller as Bzermikitokolok Jared Gore as Krugarr Elan Gale as Beardy Ravager Molly Quinn as Molly Pete Davidson as Phlektik Jasmine Sunshine Munoz as Hoobtoe Gerardo Davila as Fitz-Gibbonok Benjamin Byron Davis as Bletelsnort Jonathan Fritschi as Carrot Head Darla Delgado as Neelie Randy Havens as Till Sarah Anne as Latti Murphy Weed as Murf Natalia Safran as Controller Tiffany Smith as Friniki Karen Abercrombie as Mrs. Quill Giovannie Cruz as Orloni Peddler Baby Dro as 2KK9090 Michelle Civile as Blue Jay Brandon Morales as Bam Kyle Mclean as Kai-El James Clarke as Kunza (uncredited) Jerry Beharry as Dark (uncredited) Unknown Actor as Octo-hyena (uncredited) Appearances [ ] Locations [ ] Knowhere Exitar Tivan Dispatch Center Boot of Jemiah Peter Quill's Apartment Rocket Raccoon's Apartment Drax the Destroyer's Apartment (mentioned) Keystone Quadrant Counter-Earth Neelie's House Orgoscope Earth St. Charles , Missouri Quill Residence St. Charles Elementary (mentioned) New Orleans , Louisiana (mentioned) New York City , New York (mentioned) Columbus , Ohio (mentioned) Columbus Wild Life Center (sign) Krylor Sovereign (mentioned) Xandar (mentioned & credits) Vormir (Indirectly mentioned) High Evolutionary 's New Colony (mentioned) Events [ ] Attack on Rocket Infiltration into the Orgoscope Battle of Counter-Earth Attack on Arête Laboratories Escape from Arête Laboratories (flashback) Infinity War (mentioned) Sacrifice of Gamora (mentioned) Battle of Titan (mentioned) Battle of Earth (mentioned) Kidnapping of Peter Quill (mentioned) Kidnapping of Kevin Bacon (newspaper) Items [ ] Quad Blasters Drax the Destroyer's Knives Godslayer Yaka Arrow Controller Yaka Yaka Arrow Star-Lord's Zune Knowhere Jetpack Med-Paks Anulax Batteries Tao Mandalas Space Suits Orgosentry Suits Inter-Dimensional Portal Translator Implant Gravity Boots Rocket Raccoon's Key Card High Evolutionary's Prosthetic Mask Universal Neural Teleportation Network Zargnut Garbage Pail Kids Garfield Takes the Cake: His Fifth Book Garfield Eats His Heart Out: His Sixth Book Infinity Stones (mentioned) Freakies (logo) Vehicles [ ] Bowie Arête Laboratories Ayesha's Ship Sentient Species [ ] Aakons Achernonians Arcturans Celestials Easik Flora colossus Halfworlders Otters Rabbits Raccoons Walruses Hell Spawn Humanimals Humans Hurctarians Kree Krylorians Kylosians Lem Luphomoids Mowtios Pluvians Star Children Sovereign Xandarians Xeronians Zehoberei Centaurians (hallucination) Ani-Men (mentioned) Yerbecs (mentioned; deleted scene ) Creatures [ ] Dogs Abilisks F'saki Orloni Pigs Tortoises Monkeys Penguins Kangaroos Octopuses Giant pandas Tapires Birds Arctic foxes Chickens Beavers Opossums Bald eagles Eagly Sharks (sticker) Organizations [ ] Guardians of the Galaxy Ravagers United Ravagers OrgoCorp Recorders Orgosentries Batch 89 (flashback) Priestesses of the Sovereign The St. Charles Post NASA (logo) Mentioned [ ] Gamora Thanos Thanos Nebula Higgins Meredith Quill (picture) High Evolutionary 's Mother Ego Kamaria Kevin Bacon Patrick Swayze Albert Einstein Alice Cooper Britney Spears Korn Garth Brooks The Carpenters King Crimson Adrian Belew Redbone RoboCop Skeletor ALF (trading cards) Panthro (figure) Ghost Gang Blinky Pinky Inky Clyde Kaiju Production [ ] On March 15, 2017, James Gunn stated that there were plans for a third Guardians of the Galaxy film.

On April 17, 2017, James Gunn announced that he would return to write and direct Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 , saying that the film would "conclude the story of this iteration of the Guardians of the Galaxy, and help catapult both old and new Marvel characters into the next ten years and beyond."

He also felt that the three Guardians films would "work together as a whole", telling one story.

On April 27, 2018, Chris Pratt confirmed that he would be reprising his role as Peter Quill/Star-Lord in the film.

On May 29, 2018, Dave Bautista confirmed that he would be reprising his role as Drax the Destroyer in the film.

On June 25, 2018, Kevin Feige stated that James Gunn had completed the first draft of the screenplay and that the film would begin production in early 2019.

On July 20, 2018, Walt Disney Studios severed ties with James Gunn after old tweets from Gunn surrounding topics such as rape and pedophilia resurfaced.

On July 30, 2018, in response to James Gunn's firing, many of the Guardians cast members including Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana , Dave Bautista, Bradley Cooper , Vin Diesel , Sean Gunn , Pom Klementieff , Michael Rooker , and Karen Gillan issued a statement in support of Gunn. [10] On August 24, 2018, it was reported that the production of the film was put on hold as a result of James Gunn's firing, so Walt Disney Studios and Marvel Studios could "regroup". [11] On October 18, 2018, it was reported that the working title of the film was "Hot Christmas" . [12] On March 15, 2019, it was reported that Walt Disney Studios had reinstated James Gunn as the writer and director of the film. [13] On April 30, 2019, it was reported that film was expected to begin production in 2020. [14] On June 2, 2019, Chris Hemsworth expressed his interest in possibly reprising his role as Thor in the film. [15] On July 20, 2019, at San Diego Comic-Con 2019, Kevin Feige announced that many projects, including Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 , were in development. [16] On November 29, 2019, Karen Gillan revealed that the film's script was finished and that she had read it. [17] On November 20, 2020, The Hollywood Reporter reported that the film would begin production in late 2021. [18] On December 10, 2020, during Disney's 2020 Investor Day, Kevin Feige announced that the film would be released in 2023. [19] On May 3, 2021, it was revealed that the film would be released on May 5, 2023. [20] On May 25, 2021, it was reported that the film's production location had been shifted from London to Atlanta . [21] On June 28, 2021, during an interview on Jimmy Kimmel Live! , Chris Pratt revealed that the film was expected to shoot from November to April 2022. [22] On July 27, 2021, it was reported that Sylvester Stallone would be reprising his role as Stakar Ogord in the film. [23] On September 5, 2021, James Gunn revealed that he had begun storyboarding the film. [24] On October 11, 2021, Deadline reported that Will Poulter had joined the cast of the film and that he would portray Adam Warlock . [25] That same day, James Gunn confirmed Poulter's casting. [26] On October 12, 2021, James Gunn revealed that John Murphy would be composing the score for the film. [27] On November 8, 2021, James Gunn revealed that the film had begun production [28] and confirmed that Chukwudi Iwuji had joined the cast of the film in an undisclosed role. [29] On April 4, 2022, James Gunn revealed that the film had broken the Guinness World Record for "the most makeup appliances created for a single production". [30] On May 6, 2022, James Gunn announced that the film had wrapped production. [31] On June 1, 2022, Deadline reported that Daniela Melchior had joined the cast of the film in an undisclosed small role. [32] On June 6, 2022, Deadline reported that Maria Bakalova had joined the cast of the film in an undisclosed key role. [33] On June 14, 2022, Deadline reported that Nico Santos had joined the cast of the film in an undisclosed role. [34] On July 23, 2022, at San Diego Comic-Con 2022, Kevin Feige announced that Maria Bakalova would voice Cosmo in the film. It was also revealed that Chukwudi Iwuji would portray High Evolutionary in the film. [35] On February 15, 2023, it was reported that Asim Chaudhry had joined the cast of the film in an undisclosed role. [36] Videos [ ] Trailers [ ] Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 3 - Official Trailer Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - New Trailer TV Spots [ ] Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - Get Ready-2 Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - Tickets on Sale Now-2 Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - Get Tickets Now-2 Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - Face Off-2 Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - Greatest Hits-2 Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 3 - Final Tour Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 3 - Relax Marvel Studios' Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - All The Feels Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - Hooked-2 Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - Biggest Event of the Summer-2 Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - Streaming August 2 on Disney+-2 Clips [ ] Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - “I Miss You” Clip-2 Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - Push Down On It-2 Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - Good to Have Friends-2 Featurettes [ ] Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - Once More With Feeling-2 Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - One Last Ride-2 Other [ ] Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - Tickets On Sale Now-2 Marvel Studios’ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - Pump It Up-2 Music [ ] Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 - Original Score Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3: Awesome Mix Vol. 3 Song title Artist Location(s) In the Meantime Spacehog Official Trailer. "Get Tickets Now" TV spot. The Guardians of the Galaxy infiltrate the Orgoscope . Since You Been Gone Rainbow Second Trailer. "Get Tickets Now" TV spot. Rocket , Lylla , Floor and Teefs play in their cages. Crazy on You Heart "Face-Off" TV spot. Adam Warlock flies into Knowhere . Hooked on a Feeling Blue Swede Several TV spots. Creep (Acoustic Version) Radiohead Opening credits. Reasons Earth, Wind & Fire Groot lands the Bowie at the Orgoscope . Do You Realize?? The Flaming Lips The Guardians of the Galaxy fly to Counter-Earth . We Care A Lot Faith No More The Guardians of the Galaxy disembark the Bowie on Counter-Earth . Koinu No Carnival (From "Minute Waltz") EHAMIC The Guardians of the Galaxy enter in the home of Neelie . I'm Always Chasing Rainbows Alice Cooper Gamora wanders on the Bowie . San Francisco The Mowgli's Gamora pilots the Bowie . Poor Girl X Kraglin , Cosmo , and other civilians of Knowhere play a game of cards. This Is The Day The The Knowhere jumps through the Universal Neural Teleportation Network . No Sleep till Brooklyn Beastie Boys The Guardians of the Galaxy assemble and fight the High Evolutionary 's soldiers. Dog Days Are Over Florence + the Machine Ending dance number. I Will Dare The Replacements End credits. Come and Get Your Love Redbone Mid-credits scene. Badlands Bruce Springsteen End credits. References [ ] The Marvel Cinematic Universe Wiki has a collection of images and media related to Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 . ↑ Disney Teases Rocket’s Dire Fate In Guardians Vol. 3 ↑ Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3: James Gunn Reveals a Key Character's Fate ↑ ‘Guardians of the Galaxy’ Director James Gunn Teases The Guardians’ “Integral Part” In ‘Infinity War’ ↑ 'Guardians of the Galaxy 3': James Gunn Returning to Write and Direct ↑ James Gunn says Guardians of the Galaxy trilogy works as 'one story' ↑ Guardians of the Galaxy 3: Chris Pratt teases ‘freaking amazing’ trilogy finale ↑ Dave Bautista Talks ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ Spoilers ↑ Kevin Feige Gives ‘Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3’ Update ↑ James Gunn Fired From ‘Guardians Of The Galaxy’ Franchise Over Offensive Tweets ↑ ‘Guardians of the Galaxy’ Cast Says It ‘Fully Supports’ James Gunn ↑ 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3' Production Put on Hold ↑ 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3' Working Title Revealed ↑ Disney Reinstates Director James Gunn For ‘Guardians Of The Galaxy 3’ ↑ Robert Downey Jr.'s Massive Payday Tops 'Avengers: Endgame' Star Deals ↑ Chris Hemsworth Is Definitely Interested In Making Thor An Asgardian Of The Galaxy ↑ Marvel Cinematic Universe Shows Off 2020 & 2021 Slate: ‘Black Widow’, ‘Doctor Strange 2’, ‘Eternals’, ‘Shang-Chi & More ↑ Karen Gillan praises James Gunn's 'wonderful' Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 script (exclusive) ↑ Marvel's 'Black Panther' Sequel Shoot to Begin in July (Exclusive) ↑ James Gunn Returns to Write and Direct ‘The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special’ Ahead of ‘Guardians of the Galaxy 3’ ↑ Marvel Studios Celebrates The Movies ↑ ‘GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL. 3’ PRODUCTION SHIFTS LOCATION ↑ Chris Pratt Thinks It’s Jimmy Kimmel’s Last Show Ever & Reveals Gift from Arnold Schwarzenegger ↑ Sylvester Stallone Returning For 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 ↑ James Gunn on Twitter - September 5, 2021 ↑ ‘Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3: Will Poulter To Play Adam Warlock In The Next Installment Of The Marvel Franchise ↑ James Gunn on Twitter - October 11, 2021 ↑ James Gunn Just Confirmed His Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 3 Composer, And It’s A Marvel Newbie ↑ James Gunn on Twitter - November 8, 2021 ↑ James Gunn on Twitter - November 8, 2021 ↑ James Gunn on Twitter - April 4, 2022 ↑ James Gunn on Twitter - May 6, 2022 ↑ ‘Suicide Squad’ Breakout Daniela Melchior Will Appear In ‘Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 3’ ↑ ‘Borat’ Breakout Maria Bakalova Set For Key Role In Marvel’s ‘Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 3’ ↑ ‘Crazy Rich Asians’ & ‘Superstore’ Actor Nico Santos Joins ‘Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 3’ ↑ SDCC 2022: Marvel Studios' 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3' Logo Revealed ↑ The Sandman Star Joins Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 External Links [ ] Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 on Wikipedia Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 on IMDb Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 on 𝕏 Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 on Instagram Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 on Facebook Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 on Disney+ The Multiverse Saga Phase Four Films Black Widow • Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings • Eternals • Spider-Man: No Way Home • Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness • Thor: Love and Thunder • Black Panther: Wakanda Forever TV Series WandaVision ( Season One ) • The Falcon and The Winter Soldier ( Season One ) • Loki ( Season One ) • What If...? ( Season One ) • Hawkeye ( Season One ) • Moon Knight ( Season One ) • Ms. Marvel ( Season One ) • I Am Groot ( Season One ) • She-Hulk: Attorney at Law ( Season One ) Specials Werewolf by Night • The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special Phase Five Films Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania • Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 • The Marvels • Deadpool & Wolverine • Captain America: Brave New World • Thunderbolts TV Series Secret Invasion ( Season One ) • I Am Groot ( Season Two ) • Loki ( Season Two ) • What If...? ( Season Two ) • Echo ( Season One ) • Agatha: Darkhold Diaries ( Season One ) • Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man ( Season One ) • Eyes of Wakanda ( Season One ) • Daredevil: Born Again ( Season One ) • Ironheart ( Season One ) • Marvel Zombies ( Season One ) Phase Six Films The Fantastic Four • Blade • Avengers: The Kang Dynasty • Avengers: Secret Wars TV Series Unknown Phase Films Armor Wars TV Series What If...? ( Season Three ) • Wonder Man ( Season One ) • Vision Quest ( Season One )