Loki Season Two Episodes 6 Original Channel Disney+ Original Run October 5, 2023 - November 9, 2023 Marvel Cinematic Universe ← Previous Season One "I know what kind of god I need to be. For you. For all of us." ― Loki to Mobius M. Mobius and Sylvie Laufeydottir [src] The Second Season of Loki premiered on Disney+ on October 5, 2023 and concluded on November 9, 2023. Contents 1 Synopsis 2 Plot 3 Cast 3.1 Starring Cast 4 Episodes 5 Videos 5.1 Trailers 5.2 TV Spots 5.3 Clips 5.4 Featurettes 5.5 Other 6 References Synopsis [ ] Loki Season 2 picks up in the aftermath of the shocking season finale when Loki finds himself in a battle for the soul of the Time Variance Authority . Along with Mobius M. Mobius , Hunter B-15 and a team of new and returning characters, Loki navigates an ever-expanding and increasingly dangerous multiverse in search of Sylvie, Judge Renslayer , Miss Minutes and the truth of what it means to possess free will and glorious purpose.

Plot [ ] Loki time slips Loki runs away from Mobius M. Mobius and Hunter B-15 , who do not recognize him. To evade, he jumps onto a Time Variance Authority Mail Cart and into the monitor room where Casey rats him out. Suddenly, Loki's body becomes distorted as he jumps to another point in the TVA where Casey does recognize him. This keeps happening to Loki as he comes to find out he is jumping from the past and present. In the past, He Who Remains made himself known to agents instead of replacing himself with the Time-Keepers . When Loki finally gets to Mobius, they go to see Ouroboros , a TVA repairs and advancement member who explains that Loki is Time Slipping . Loki is pruned As Ouroboros explains, Loki slips in an dout of the present, eventually talking to past Ouroboros and creating the Temporal Aura Extractor . Ouroboros then explains that Loki had to prune himself in order to rip himself from time at the same moment that Mobius shot the extractor at the Temporal Loom , which is a device that turns raw time into energy. Right when they were about to do this, Loki slipped into the future. As he searched for a Time Stick , he realized it was too late. He eventually wandered to an elevator where he found Sylvie Laufeydottir . However, this moment did not last as he was pruned from behind and returned to present day where he was cured. Brad Wolfe is interrogated Mobius and Loki then set off a mission to find a rogue faction of Minutemen and hunters, led by General Dox , who were out to find Laufeydottir. Their first stop is in 1977 on the Sacred Timeline . There they find Hunter X-05 , an actor now going by his past name, Brad Wolfe. They take Wolfe in and torture him into bringing them where he found Laufeydottir; in a branched 1982 working at McDonald's . Loki talks with Laufeydottir, about what he saw in the future, but she has no interest. She explains that she just wants to live her life in Broxton . However, Wolfe soon reveals that Dox is actually planning to prune all of the branches, so they had to go. Loki finds Sylvie Laufeydottir at McDonald's An angry Laufeydottir enchants Wolfe to find the place. They then jump through a Timedoor to fight Dox. The fight ends quickly as Dox and her loyalists are arrested, but not without many branches being pruned. Laufeydottir returns to her timeline where she takes out He Who Remains' TemPad . Meanwhile, the loom starts getting overused by the amount of timelines that they Multiverse had opened up. Ouroboros grows worried as they need either Miss Minutes or He Who Remains to override the system. He Who Remains Variant, Victor Timely In the scuffle, Casey manages to track down Ravonna Renslayer 's TemPad, revealing that she is in either 1868 or 1893. Mobius and Loki go to 1868, to no avail, so they end up in 1893 at the World's Columbian Exposition . They watch a presentation on "Temporal Marvels" knowing it could not be a coincedence. There, they find a He Who Remains Variant named Victor Timely , who's timeline branched because Renslayer gave him the Time Variance Authority Official Handbook as a child in order to ensure they both could become leaders of the TVA in the future. Victor Timely and Miss Minutes leave Ravonna Renslayer Loki realizes that they could use Timely's Temporal Aura to fix the loom, which Mobius agrees is a good idea. While both parties; Renslayer and Miss Minutes and Loki and Mobius, try to get Timely, Laufeydottir arrives, wanting to kill Timely. As a fight breaks out, Renslayer gets away with Timely, who makes them go to his laboratory across the lake in Wisconsin to grab his items. However, on the way there, Miss Minutes gets jealous of Renslayer and Timely's connection and convinces Timely to turn of Renslayer, sending her over board in a boat. Ravonna Renslayer finds out about her past Arriving at his laboratory, Timely grabs his things including the Throughput Multiplier . However, Miss Minutes starts creeping him out as it is clear she has an infatuation with him and having a real body. Out of fear, Timely turns her off just as Renslayer arrives. She takes a giant Time Stick and threatens Timely while Loki and Mobius enter. eventually Laufeydottir tracks them down too, setting of an explosion. She then approached Timely, about to kill him. However, he pleads, making Laufeydottir change her mind. She makes Loki and Mobius get him out before she regrets it. Now alone with Renslayer, Laufeydottir kicks her into a Timedoor, sending her enemy to the Citadel at the End of Time . While there, Miss Minutes meets Renslayer and the two join forces. Miss Minutes shows Renslayer the truth about the TVA. Hunter B-15 talks to Dox Loki and Mobius gather Timely and explain the problem. They then have him meet Ouroboros, who is very excited as he had learned everything from Timely and Timely learned the same from Ouroboros. The two of them and Casey then get to work on the Throughput Multiplier . Meanwhile, B-15 talks with Judge Gamble who convinces her to try to be allies with the imprisoned Dox. B-15 tries this, but Dox is resentful at first. Loki then meets with Laufeydottir in the automat as Laufeydottir trailed Timely to make sure nothing happened. The two talk about the future of the TVA where Laufeydottir concludes that they are playing god. Loki simply responds that they are gods. Ravonna Renslayer and Miss Minutes watch Dox 's death Suddenly, Renslayer and Miss Minutes arrive in the office with the intention of getting control. Their first stop is Dox, who refuses. However, Wolfe agrees to join Renslayer if he gets his life on the timeline. Miss Minutes then kilsd Dox and her loyalists while Wolfe watches in fear. They then made their move on Timely, pruning Hunter D-90 in order to kidnap him. By the time the agents figure out their is trouble, Timely is already kidnapped. As the loom's destruction grows immenent, Laufeydottir and Loki try to get to Miss Minutes, only to be blocked. Loki takes the stairs while Laufeydottir takes the elevator. While going up the stairs, Loki sees himself, the time slipping version. Loki knows he has to prune him, which he does, completing the time slipping loop. Loki faces his death Laufeydottir and Loki soon save Timely by shutting down Miss Minutes and pruning Renslayer by enchanting Wolfe. Now back at the core room, Timely uses his temporal aura to open the gates. He then goes out to save the loom by expanding the rings to allow more timelines. However, he is ripped to shreads instantly. As everyone stands shocked, Ouroboros concludes that there is too much Temporal Radiation . The agents then watch the inevitable as the loom explodes, seemingly killing everyone. Don 's life Loki opens his eyes from the explosion to see nobody with him. Loki walks around the office and still cannot find anyone. Suddenly, he time slips multiple times, angry that it is back. He first time slips to 1962 where he finds Casey at Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary . However, Casey does not recognize him as it is an alternate Casey named Frank Morris who never got picked up by the TVA. Loki then slips to 2012 where he sees B-15, now Verity Willis . One more stop later, he has now met Mobius, or Don . In another stop, he meets Ouroboros, or A.D. Doug . Doug helps Loki, by telling him he needs everyone in the room together to match their temporal auras so that he could slip back to the loom's destruction and save it. Sylvie Laufeydottir 's timeline is destroyed Loki gathers up everyone, then goes out to get Laufeydottir, who remembers what happened. The two talk at a bar and Laufeydottir convinces Loki that he should not force the people out of their lives. There is no danger and Loki is pulling them. Loki then realizes that she is right and he is just afraid of being alone. He returns back to the group and tells them to go. Meanwhile, Laufeydottir stops by Rooster Records until suddenly, the multiverse collapses, leaving everything in her timeline to be destroyed. She meets with Loki, telling him that she was wrong and there was danger. Loki learns to control his Time Slipping Before Loki could process, everyone starts getting ripped to shreds in spaghetti like ways as the timlines are crumpling. Loki watches Morris, Doug, Willis, and Don go before Laufeydottir does the same. Loki tries to hang on to them, but it is too late as he is left to the crumpling world. However, in this event, he learns how to control his time slipping, realizing that he needed to find who he wants, not what he wants. He time slips back to before everyone dies, then time slips again to right before the loom explodes. The agents guide Victor Timely Now having a second chance, Loki tries to go faster, but it does not work. He tries multiple strategies, going faster, jumping earlier, but none work as he is caught in an infinite loop with no success. He finally jumps a little earlier where he asks Ouroboros to teach him everything he needs to know in order to buld it himself and go quicker. This takes centuries, but Loki does it. He directs Timely, who completes the mission, saving everyone. Loki cheers as he has done it, but his cheers are too early as the loom still blows up. In his grief, Timely concludes that they could not scale the loom because the multiverse is infinite and you cannot scale for infinity. Laufeydottir remarks that none of this would have happened if she did not kill He Who Remains. Loki talks to He Who Remains Loki then time slips to the Attack on the Citadel at the End of Time where he tries to stop Laufeydottir from killing He Who Remains. However, after multiple loops he realizes that the only way to do that is to kill her. Instead, he has a talk with He Who Remains, who explains that the loom is a fail safe where if the multiverse opened, everything would be destroyed. Therefore, there is no way to win as it is the Sacred Timeline or nothing. It is either, Loki kills Laufeydottir, or He Who Remains has won. Loki thanks Mobius M. Mobius Loki slips to the interrogation when he first met Mobius. The two talk and Mobius tells him about when he was supposed to prune a little kid, but hesitated, causing many more deaths. Through this, Loki realizes that Glorious Purpose is something that comes with great burden. He then slips to right before Laufeydottir dies in A.D. Doug's timeline. He talks to her about his predicament and Laufeydottir refuses to let Loki kill her. He asks what he should do and she tells him that he should let the Multiverse be. Loki then realizes that he could do that if he replaces the loom with something better. Loki sits alone Loki slips back to before the loom's destruction and says goodbye to everyone before going out on the gangway himself. As the radiation rips his clithes to shreds, Loki dons a new suit with a Horned Helmet . He then uses his telekenesis to rip the loom and destroy it. Then causes the timelines to fall before him. Loki grabs these dying timelines like ropes and carries them with him through a rift to the end of time. He then sits down at the Citadel at the End of Time and creates a new loom, centered around him. This causes Loki to be tasked with watching time for the rest of eternity, alone. Mobius M. Mobius watches his life In the aftermath, the TVA becomes a He Who Remains variant watching organization. Mobius decides to leave the TVA and pursue his life on the Sacred Timeline. Wolfe does the same. Miss Minutes is rebooted with Ouroboros not knowing if she would turn on them. Meanwhile, Renslayer wakes up in the Void where Alioth meets her. In 2022 , Mobius looks at himself and his life from a distance. Laufeydottir meets him and explains that she is leaving, but not sure to where. Mobius says that he just wants to stay and watch. Loki sits at the end of time, watching over everything as he fulfills his glorious purpose. Cast [ ] Starring Cast [ ] Tom Hiddleston as Loki Sophia Di Martino as Sylvie Laufeydottir Gugu Mbatha-Raw as Ravonna Renslayer Wunmi Mosaku as Hunter B-15 / Verity Willis Eugene Cordero as Casey / Frank Morris Rafael Casal as Brad Wolfe/Hunter X-05 Tara Strong as Miss Minutes (voice) Kate Dickie as Dox Liz Carr as Gamble Neil Ellice as Hunter D-90 Richard Dixon as Robber Baron Jonathan Majors as Victor Timely / He Who Remains Ke Huy Quan as Ouroboros / A.D. Doug Owen Wilson as Mobius M. Mobius / Don Episodes [ ] Image Title Number Airdate Writers Directors Ouroboros 2.01 October 5, 2023 Eric Martin Justin Benson & Aaron Moorhead Loki finds himself lost to time and torn, quite literally, between past, present, and future. Breaking Brad 2.02 October 12, 2023 Eric Martin Dan Deleeuw With the TVA on the verge of a temporal meltdown, Loki & Mobius will stop at nothing to find Sylvie . 1893 2.03 October 19, 2023 Eric Martin , Kasra Farahani & Jason O'Leary (story by Eric Martin ) Kasra Farahani Loki & Mobius go on the hunt to find everyone's favorite cartoon clock as they try to save the TVA . Heart of the TVA 2.04 October 26, 2023 Eric Martin and Katharyn Blair Justin Benson & Aaron Moorhead The TVA 's Loom nears catastrophic failure but Loki , Mobius , and Sylvie have a He Who Remains variant . Science/Fiction 2.05 November 2, 2023 Eric Martin Justin Benson & Aaron Moorhead Loki traverses dying timelines in an attempt to find his friends, but Reality is not what it seems. Glorious Purpose 2.06 November 9, 2023 Eric Martin Justin Benson & Aaron Moorhead Loki learns the nature of "glorious purpose" as he rectifies the past in this gripping finale. Videos [ ] Trailers [ ] Marvel Studios’ Loki Season 2 - Official Trailer - Disney+ Marvel Studios’ Loki Season 2 - Mid-Season Trailer TV Spots [ ] Marvel Studios’ Loki Season 2 - October 6 on Disney+ Marvel Studios’ Loki Season 2 - Hands of Time Marvel Studios’ Loki Season 2 - Streaming in 1 Week Marvel Studios’ Loki Season 2 - Season 2 Finale Tonight Clips [ ] Marvel Studios’ Loki Season 2 - Past, Present and Future Marvel Studios’ Loki Season 2 - Official Clip 'O.B.' Marvel Studios’ Loki Season 2 - Official Clip 'Not A Fair Fight' Marvel Studios' Loki Season 2 - "What happened?" Official Clip Marvel Studios’ Loki Season 2 - Official Clip 'Thank You For Your Service' Featurettes [ ] Marvel Studios’ Loki Season 2 - Amazing Loki Marvel Studios’ Loki Season 2 - Loki Through The Years Marvel Studios’ Loki Season 2 - Meet O.B. Other [ ] As Featured In Meal - McDonald's As Featured In Meal - QPC As Featured In Meal - Crew As Featured In Meal - Loki Marvel Studios’ Loki Season 2 - Mobius on Personal Watercraft (10 Minute Version) All Hail Loki – Galaxy S23 Ultra l Marvel Studios’ Loki Season 2 References [ ] The Marvel Cinematic Universe Wiki has a collection of images and media related to Loki (TV series)/Season Two . ↑ New ‘Loki’ Season 2 Cast Members, Extended Synopsis Revealed The Multiverse Saga Phase Four Films Black Widow • Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings • Eternals • Spider-Man: No Way Home • Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness • Thor: Love and Thunder • Black Panther: Wakanda Forever TV Series WandaVision ( Season One ) • The Falcon and The Winter Soldier ( Season One ) • Loki ( Season One ) • What If...? ( Season One ) • Hawkeye ( Season One ) • Moon Knight ( Season One ) • Ms. Marvel ( Season One ) • I Am Groot ( Season One ) • She-Hulk: Attorney at Law ( Season One ) Specials Werewolf by Night • The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special Phase Five Films Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania • Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 • The Marvels • Deadpool & Wolverine • Captain America: Brave New World • Thunderbolts TV Series Secret Invasion ( Season One ) • I Am Groot ( Season Two ) • Loki ( Season Two ) • What If...? ( Season Two ) • Echo ( Season One ) • Agatha: Darkhold Diaries ( Season One ) • Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man ( Season One ) • Eyes of Wakanda ( Season One ) • Daredevil: Born Again ( Season One ) • Ironheart ( Season One ) • Marvel Zombies ( Season One ) Phase Six Films The Fantastic Four • Blade • Avengers: The Kang Dynasty • Avengers: Secret Wars TV Series Unknown Phase Films Armor Wars TV Series What If...? ( Season Three ) • Wonder Man ( Season One ) • Vision Quest ( Season One )