Thor: Love and Thunder Director(s) Taika Waititi Writer(s) Taika Waititi Jennifer Kaytin Robinson Producer(s) Kevin Feige Brad Winderbaum Louis D'Esposito Victoria Alonso Chris Hemsworth Brian Chapek Todd Hallowell David J. Grant Composer Michael Giacchino Nami Melumad Release Date July 8, 2022 Running Time 119 minutes Box Office $760.9 million More Information Full Credits Characters Awards Merchandise Trivia Release Home Video Marvel Cinematic Universe ← Previous Next → Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness Black Panther: Wakanda Forever "To the people who knew them best, they were simply known as Love and Thunder ." ― Korg Thor: Love and Thunder is a 2022 superhero film, based on the Marvel Comics superhero of the same name . The film is a sequel to Thor , Thor: The Dark World , Thor: Ragnarok and Avengers: Endgame . It is the twenty-ninth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and the thirteenth installment of Phase Four . The film was released on July 8, 2022. The film is written and directed by Taika Waititi and stars Chris Hemsworth as Thor , Christian Bale as Gorr the God Butcher , Tessa Thompson as Brunnhilde/King Valkyrie , Jaimie Alexander as Sif , Taika Waititi as Korg , with Russell Crowe as Zeus , and Natalie Portman as Jane Foster/Mighty Thor . Contents 1 Synopsis 2 Plot 3 Cast 4 Appearances 4.1 Locations 4.2 Events 4.3 Items 4.4 Vehicles 4.5 Sentient Species 4.6 Creatures 4.7 Organizations 4.8 Mentioned 5 Production 6 Videos 6.1 Trailers 6.2 TV Spots 6.3 Featurette 6.4 Other 7 Music 8 References 9 External Links Synopsis [ ] The film finds Thor on a journey unlike anything he's ever faced — a quest for inner peace. But his retirement is interrupted by a galactic killer known as Gorr the God Butcher , who seeks the extinction of the gods. To combat the threat, Thor enlists the help of King Valkyrie , Korg , and ex-girlfriend Jane Foster , who — to Thor’s surprise — inexplicably wields his magical hammer, Mjølnir , as the Mighty Thor. Together, they embark upon a harrowing cosmic adventure to uncover the mystery of the God Butcher's vengeance and stop him before it's too late.

Plot [ ] Gorr , the last of his people, spends his days striving to survive on a barren desert with his daughter . He prays to his god Rapu for help, but his daughter soon dies of starvation. Just as he begins to hear a voice calling out to him in the distance, Gorr discovers an oasis where he finds Rapu, who had killed the latest wielder of an ancient weapon known as All-Black the Necrosword . Rapu makes fun of Gorr for his helplessness and refuses to provide any assistance. Feeling betrayed, Gorr claims the Necrosword and beheads him, and vows for the elimination of all gods. Thor continues his adventures with the Guardians of the Galaxy , responding to distress calls across the universe while working to get back in shape. However, Thor remains discontent with where he is in life, and intends to retire. An influx of distress calls regarding Gorr emerge, one of them being from Sif , who had hunted him down. Thor and Korg respond to Sif's call, parting ways with the Guardians who leave to respond to the others. They find a defeated Sif with her arm severed, who warns them that Gorr will attack New Asgard next. Meanwhile, Dr. Jane Foster undergoes treatment for stage IV cancer. Efforts to research for a cure prove futile and she beings to lose hope, but Foster becomes inspired to travel to New Asgard in hopes that their magic can help eliminate the cancer. As Thor has unknowingly enchanted it to protect Foster while they were together, Mjølnir becomes drawn to her presence, fusing itself back together and imbuing her with the powers of the Mighty Thor. That night, Gorr uses the Necrosword to swarm New Asgard with shadow monsters . Thor, Korg, and Sif arrive to confront them, as does King Valkyrie and Foster, who Thor is surprised to see. While they were able to repel the monsters, Gorr escapes with Asgard's children, including Heimdall 's son Axl Heimdallson . Thor communicates with Axl and deduces that the children are in the Shadow Realm . Knowing that Gorr's strength would be at its peak there, Thor, Mighty Thor, Valkyrie, and Korg travel to Omnipotence City to warn Zeus of Gorr and ask for an army to help fight him. Unconvinced that Gorr is a threat to Omnipotence City, Zeus instead has Thor captured, forcing the others to intervene and fend off Zeus' men. In the scuffle, Zeus uses his Thunderbolt to destroy Korg's body; only his face remains intact (although this is enough for him to survive). Enraged, Thor uses the Thunderbolt to impale Zeus in the chest, which Valkyrie steals as the group escapes to confront Gorr in the Shadow Realm. On the way, Thor learns of Foster's cancer diagnosis, and the two rekindle their relationship. Upon arrival, they attempt to locate the children, only to realize that they had fallen for a trap. Gorr intended to take Stormbreaker in order to utilize the Bifrost Bridge to access Eternity , where he can wish for the extinction of the gods. They battle Gorr and his shadow monsters once more, but are forced to flee back to New Asgard once Valkyrie and Mighty Thor are weakened; Before Stormbreaker can be transported across the Bifrost, Gorr steals it. Thor is informed that the effects of Mjølnir are aggravating Foster's cancer, and he urges her to stay behind to recover. Valkyrie is also unable to continue fighting, leaving the Thunderbolt in Thor's possession so that he can fight Gorr again. At the center of the universe, Gorr begins opening Eternity's gate with Stormbreaker. Thor arrives using Thunderbolt and imbues the children with the power of Thor, giving them enough strength to overcome the remaining shadow monsters. Gorr gains the upper hand against Thor. Having sensed his distress, Foster decides to wield Mjølnir again despite her weakened condition and joins the fight through using Valkyrie's winged horse . Thor gives Mighty Thor ample time to use Mjølnir to shatter the Necrosword into pieces, dooming herself and Gorr. Thor recovers Stormbreaker and has the children use it to return home, but they could not stop Gorr from entering Eternity. Thor calls out to Gorr and pleads for him to choose love over death as he rushes to Mighty Thor's side. Their love reminded him of the love he had for his daughter, thus deciding to use his wish to resurrect her. Foster soon succumbs to the cancer, vanishing into Valhalla . Thor accepts Gorr's request to take custody of his daughter before he dies from the Necrosword's curse. In the aftermath, a statue of Foster as the Mighty Thor was erected in New Asgard. Sif and Valkyrie begin training the children in combat, while Korg's body fully regenerates as he seeks to produce an offspring. Thor starts to raise Gorr's daughter as his own, entrusting her with Stormbreaker while he wields Mjølnir into battle. The two begin travelling the galaxy offering assistance to whomever needs it, becoming known as Love and Thunder. In the meanwhile , Zeus begins to recover from his injuries as he sends out his son Hercules to kill Thor. Foster encounters Heimdall in the afterlife, who welcomes her to Valhalla . Cast [ ] Chris Hemsworth as Thor Tristan Hemsworth as Young Thor Samson Alston as Teenage Thor Cameron Chapek as Baby Thor Natalie Portman as Jane Foster/Mighty Thor Ava Caryofyllis as Young Jane Foster Christian Bale as Gorr the God Butcher Tessa Thompson as Brunnhilde/King Valkyrie Taika Waititi as Korg / Ninny of the Nonny / Surtur (archive footage; uncredited) Russell Crowe as Zeus Jaimie Alexander as Sif Idris Elba as Heimdall ( post-credits scene ) Chris Pratt as Peter Quill/Star-Lord Dave Bautista as Drax the Destroyer Karen Gillan as Nebula Pom Klementieff as Mantis Sean Gunn as Kraglin Obfonteri / Rocket Raccoon (motion capture) Vin Diesel as Groot (voice) Bradley Cooper as Rocket Raccoon (voice) Carly Rees as Miek Kat Dennings as Doctor Darcy Lewis Brett Goldstein as Hercules (mid-credits scene) Stellan Skarsgård as Doctor Erik Selvig Luke Hemsworth as Thor Actor Matt Damon as Loki Actor Sam Neill as Odin Actor Melissa McCarthy as Hela Actress Ben Falcone as Asgardian Stage Manager Stephen Curry as King Yakan Bobby Holland Hanton as Habooska the Horrible Daley Pearson as Darryl Jacobson Kieron L. Dyer as Astrid/Axl Heimdallson India Rose Hemsworth as Love Simon Russell Beale as Dionysus Jonny Brugh as Rapu Chanique Greyling as Young Frigga Rene Russo as Frigga (archive footage; uncredited) Eliza Matengu as Grace Carmen Foon as Minerva Priscilla Doueihy as Artemis Nico Cortez as Quetzalcóatl Nicole Milinkovic as Iscallis Chayla Korewha as Haumea Imaan J Hadchiti as Chaac Clariza Vicente as Amatsu-Mikaboshi Kuni Hashimoto as Yu Huang Stephen Hunter as Fur God Simona Paparelli as Bao (voice) Chloé Gouneau as Elaine Foster Brooke Satchwell as Glenda Dave Cory as Dwayne Zia Kelly as Pirate Woman Akosia Sabet as Bast (uncredited) Elsa Pataky as Wolf Woman (uncredited) Devin the Goat as Tanngrisnir/Toothgnasher (uncredited) Unknown Actor as Tanngnjóstr/Toothgrinder (uncredited) Anthony Hopkins as Odin (archive footage; uncredited) Tom Hiddleston as Loki (archive footage; uncredited) Ray Stevenson as Volstagg (archive footage; uncredited) Zachary Levi as Fandral (archive footage; uncredited) Tadanobu Asano as Hogun (archive footage; uncredited) Josh Brolin as Thanos (archive footage; uncredited) Jeff Goldblum as En Dwi Gast/Grandmaster ( deleted scene ) Peter Dinklage as King Eitri (deleted scene) Lena Headey as a to-be-confirmed character (deleted scene) Septimus Caton as Satan (deleted scenes) Appearances [ ] Locations [ ] Rapu's Planet Indigarr Sacred Temple Earth New Asgard Infinity Conez Black Raven Tavern New Asgard Infirmary New Asgard Town Hall New Asgard Docks Grace's House Thor's Hut (flashback) United States of America Puente Antiguo , New Mexico Jane Foster's Apartment Puente Antiguo County Hospital Avengers Compound , New York (flashback) London , England (flashback) Italy (flag) China (flag) Jamaica (flag) New Zealand (flag) Alfheim Shadow Realm Moon of Shame Omnipotence City Golden Temple Ria Gates of Eternity Asgard (flashback) Royal Palace of Valaskjalf (illustration) Himinbjorg (flashback) Svartalfheim (flashback) Nidavellir (mentioned) Hel (mentioned) Multiverse Eternity's Realm Valhalla Events [ ] Battle of Indigarr Gorr's Vow Against Gods Assassination of Rapu Attack on New Asgard Escape from Omnipotence City Ambush at the Shadow Realm Battle at the Gates of Eternity Attack on Falligar the Behemoth (footage) Duel at the Rainbow Bridge (flashback) Second Dark Elf Conflict (flashback) Sacking of Asgard (mentioned) Second Battle of Svartalfheim (flashback) Ragnarök (flashback) Skirmish in Norway (depiction) Siege of Asgard (flashback) Destruction of Asgard (flashback) Infinity War (flashback) Attack on the Statesman (flashback) Battle of Wakanda (mentioned) Ambush on Thanos (mentioned) Snap (mentioned) Time Heist (indirectly mentioned) Sacrifice of Natasha Romanoff (mentioned) Battle of Earth (mentioned) Massacre of the Valkyrie (mentioned) Items [ ] Uru Stormbreaker Mjølnir Infinity Gauntlet (flashback) Thor's Prosthetic Eye Asgardian Armor Winged Helmet Quad Blasters Translator Implant Drax the Destroyer's Knives Laser Blaster Yaka Arrow Controller Yaka Yaka Arrow Thunderbolt All-Black the Necrosword Bifrost Bridge The Foster Theory: Space and Time Travel Hela's On Earth: Ragnarok in the Round Universal Neural Teleportation Network Golden Mace Sword of Peleus Wormhole (mentioned) Horned Helmet (depiction) Hela's Crown (costume) Infinity Stones (replicas) Vehicles [ ] M-Ships Benatar Benatar's Space Pod Asgardian Skiffs Aegir New Asgard Tour Bus Shadow Truck Statesman (flashback) Sentient Species [ ] Asgardians Humans Kronans Krylorians Celestials One Above All (statue) Kylosians Luphomoids Halfworlders Flora colossus Sakaarans Olympians Ennead Isis Tēteoh Akua Ahau Amatsu-Kami Xandarians Booskans Passionists Lycans Midassians Falligarians Indigarrians Vodū Cosmic Entities Eternity Frost Giants (flashback) Vanir (flashback) Fire Demons (flashback) Titans (flashback) Sky Lords of Indigarr (screen) Watchers (statue) Zombies (mentioned) Demons (mentioned) Dwarves (deleted scenes) Creatures [ ] Indigarrian Goats Valkyrie Steeds Warsong Shadow Monsters Octy Dragons Space Dolphins Giant Wolves (flashback) Krakens (flashback) Asgardian Ravens (mentioned) Hugin and Munin (mentioned) Snakes (mentioned) Organizations [ ] Guardians of the Galaxy Einherjar Team Kids in a Cage World Journal of Theoretical Physics Modern Physics Monthly Council of Godheads Zeusettes Zeus' Pretty Boys Spartans New Asgard Tours New Asgard Kings (logo) Warriors Three (flashback and mentioned) Avengers (mentioned) Valkyries (mentioned) Gods of Emotions (mentioned) Mentioned [ ] Dark Shadow Lord (corpse) Nick Fury Ant-Man Hulk Iron Man Gamora (indirectly) Falligar the Behemoth (corpse) Hela Ra Tūmatauenga Natasha Romanoff Living Tribunal (statue) Infinity (statue) Death (statue) Eon (statue) The Watcher (statue) Jane Fonda Guns N' Roses Axl Rose Jodie Foster Event Horizon Interstellar The Phantom of the Opera (poster) Aphrodite (deleted scene) Production [ ] On January 11, 2018, Marvel Studios News reported that Chris Hemsworth and Taika Waititi had talked about a potential sequel to Thor: Ragnarok .

On April 17, 2019, Tessa Thompson revealed that there had been a pitch for a potential sequel to Thor: Ragnarok with Taika Waititi possibly coming back to direct the film.

On July 16, 2019, The Hollywood Reporter reported that a sequel to Thor: Ragnarok was in development at Marvel Studios and that Taika Waititi would return as the director and that he would also write the script.

On July 20, 2019, at San Diego Comic-Con 2019, Kevin Feige revealed that the title of the film would be Thor: Love and Thunder and that it was scheduled to hit theaters on November 5, 2021. It was also announced that Tessa Thompson would be reprising her role of Valkyrie and that Natalie Portman would return as Jane Foster , who was set to become the goddess of Thunder, Mighty Thor, in the film.

On July 26, 2019, it was reported that the film was expected to begin production in March 2020 in Sydney .

On August 7, 2019, Deadline reported that Taika Waititi had already completed the film's script.

On January 4, 2020, in an interview, Taika Waititi revealed that the film was expected to begin production in August.

On January 6, 2020, Collider reported that Christian Bale was in talks to join the cast of the film.

On February 10, 2020, Variety reported that Jennifer Kaytin Robinson would write the script alongside Taika Waititi. [10] On March 6, 2020, in an interview with Entertainment Tonight , Tessa Thompson revealed that Christian Bale would portray the film's antagonist. [11] On March 9, 2020, in an interview with Comicbook.com , Vin Diesel revealed that Groot , along with some of the Guardians of the Galaxy , would appear in the film. [12] On April 3, 2020, it was announced that, due to the COVID-19 pandemic , the film had been pushed back from its initial release date to February 18, 2022. [13] On April 24, 2020, it was announced that the film had been pushed up a week from its February 18, 2022 release date to February 11, 2022. [14] On July 25, 2020, Natalie Portman revealed that the film would begin production in Australia at the beginning of 2021. [15] On October 15, 2020, it was reported that the working title of the film was "The Big Salad" . [16] On October 18, 2020, in an interview, Chris Hemsworth revealed that the film would begin production in January 2021 and that Taika Waititi was currently finishing up the script. [17] On November 13, 2020, The Hollywood Reporter reported that Chris Pratt would be reprising his role as Peter Quill/Star-Lord in the film. [18] On November 20, 2020, The Hollywood Reporter reported that due to the film's ensemble cast, it would have " an Avengers 5 feel ". [19] On December 10, 2020, during Disney’s 2020 Investor Day, Kevin Feige announced that Christian Bale would portray Gorr the God Butcher in the film and that the film would be released on May 6, 2022. [20] The next day, Deadline reported that Jaimie Alexander would be reprising her role as Sif in the film. [21] On January 8, 2021, The Daily Mail reported that Karen Gillan and Dave Bautista would be reprising their roles as Nebula and Drax the Destroyer respectively in the film. [22] On January 17, 2021, it was reported that Matt Damon had joined the cast of the film in an undisclosed role. [23] On January 26, 2021, Taika Waititi and Chris Hemsworth revealed that the film had started production. [24] [25] On March 1, 2021, it was reported that Matt Damon and Luke Hemsworth would be reprising their roles as Loki Actor and Thor Actor , respectively, in the film. [26] The next day, it was reported that Sam Neill would be reprising his role as Odin Actor in the film [27] , that Melissa McCarthy had joined the cast of the film and that she would portray Hela Actress , and that Ben Falcone had joined the cast of the film in an undisclosed role. [28] On March 29, 2021, Deadline reported that Russell Crowe had joined the cast of the film in an undisclosed role. [29] On April 19, 2021, during an interview on the radio show Joy Breakfast with The Murphys , Russell Crowe revealed that he would be portraying Zeus in the film. [30] On May 10, 2021, it was reported that the film would be doing additional photography in New York City for a week. [31] On May 28, 2021, Luca Vannella revealed that the film had wrapped production. [32] On May 31, 2021, Sam Neill revealed that Jenny Morris had joined the cast of the film in an undisclosed role. [33] On June 9, 2021, it was reported that the post-production of the film was expected to be finished by February 2022. [34] On October 18, 2021, it was announced that the film had been pushed back from its May 6, 2022 release date to July 8, 2022. [35] On December 9, 2021, Michael Giacchino revealed that he would be composing the score for the film. [36] On April 15, 2022, it was reported that Gabriella Wisdom had joined the cast of the film in an undisclosed role. [37] On June 30, 2022, Variety reported that Lena Headey had an undisclosed role in the film that was ultimately cut. [38] Videos [ ] Trailers [ ] Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder - Official Teaser Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder - Official Trailer TV Spots [ ] Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder - Tickets on Sale Monday Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder - Get Tickets Now Marvel Studios’ Thor- Love and Thunder - Speech Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder - Team Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder - Classic Featurette [ ] Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder - Legacy of Thor Featurette Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder - A Taika Waititi Adventure Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder - The Secret Behind Thor's Lightning Other [ ] Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder - Tickets on Sale Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder - Red Carpet LIVE! Chris Hemsworth on Thor's Incredible Journey in Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder Natalie Portman Returns to the MCU as Jane Foster in Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder Taika Waititi on Assembling an Astounding Cast for Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder Christian Bale On His MCU Debut as Gorr in Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder! Kevin Feige says Thor- Love and Thunder is More Than Just "Ragnarok 2" Tessa Thompson on Valkyrie's New Role as KING in Thor- Love and Thunder! Chris Pratt's Star-Lord Teams Up With Thor in Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder! Jaimie Alexander's Lady Sif Returns To The MCU in Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder Karen Gillan's Nebula and The Guardians of the Galaxy in Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder Best Red Carpet Moments! - Marvel Studios' Thor- Love and Thunder Music [ ] Thor: Love and Thunder - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack Song title Artist Location(s) Sweet Child o' Mine Guns N' Roses Teaser trailer End credits Only Time Enya Korg explains Thor 's story. Welcome To The Jungle Guns N' Roses Thor joins the battle against Habooska the Horrible and his Booskan army. Paradise City Guns N' Roses New Asgard montage Our Last Summer ABBA Flashback montage of Thor and Jane 's relationship Family Affair Mary J. Blige Played in Valkyrie ’s portable speaker Goodies Ciara Thor , Mighty Thor and Valkyrie goes to Shadow Realm aboard of Aegir November Rain Guns N' Roses Asgardians kids empowered for Thor battles against Shadow Monsters Rainbow in the Dark Dio End credits References [ ] The Marvel Cinematic Universe Wiki has a collection of images and media related to Thor: Love and Thunder . ↑ ‘Thor: Love and Thunder’: First Teaser Reveals a Cosmic Adventure ↑ Chris Hemsworth and Taika Waititi talked ‘Thor 4’ on New Year’s Eve ↑ Tessa Thompson Has Heard About a Fourth Thor Movie Pitch ↑ Taika Waititi to Direct 'Thor 4' (Exclusive) - The Hollywood Reporter ↑ SDCC 2019: All of the Marvel Studios News Coming Out of Hall H at San Diego Comic-Con ↑ ‘Thor 4’ and ‘Shang-Chi’ to Shoot in Australia; Filming Dates Revealed ↑ Taika Waititi’s Fox Searchlight Project Will Be ‘Next Goal Wins’, Details Revealed ↑ Variety on Twitter - January 4, 2020 ↑ Exclusive: Christian Bale in Talks to Join ‘Thor: Love and Thunder’ ↑ ‘Thor’ Sequel Writing Staff Recruits ‘Someone Great’s’ Jennifer Kaytin Robinson (EXCLUSIVE) ↑ Tessa Thompson Confirms Christian Bale Will Play the Villain in 'Thor: Love and Thunder' (Exclusive) ↑ Thor 4 to Feature the Guardians of the Galaxy ↑ The Walt Disney Studios Announces Updated Release Schedule ↑ 'Marvel Studios' ‘Doctor Strange’ and Marvel Studios' ‘Thor 4’ Conjure New Release Dates ↑ Serena Williams & Natalie Portman discuss their new NWSL team they will bring to L.A. ↑ Skyler Shuler on Twitter - October 15, 2020 ↑ Thor: Love and Thunder News on Twitter - October 18, 2020 ↑ THOR: LOVE AND THUNDER IS DOUBLING ITS CHRIS COUNT ↑ Marvel's 'Black Panther' Sequel Shoot to Begin in July (Exclusive) ↑ Christian Bale Joins Cast of ‘Thor: Love and Thunder’ As Gorr the God Butcher ↑ Sif Returns To The MCU: Jaimie Alexander To Reprise Role In ‘Thor: Love And Thunder’ ↑ EXCLUSIVE: Chris Pratt lands in Australia and heads to a mandatory quarantine hotel in Sydney with his co-stars ahead of production for the new Marvel movie Thor: Love and Thunder ↑ Matt Damon lands in Sydney for Thor: Love and Thunder role ↑ Taika Waititi on Twitter - January 26, 2021 ↑ Chris Hemsworth on Instagram - January 26, 2021 ↑ Matt Damon and Luke Hemsworth Return as Fake Loki and Fake Thor ↑ Matt Damon dons a flowing black wig as he joins Luke Hemsworth and Sam Neill on elaborate theatre-style set for Thor: Love and Thunder in Sydney ↑ EXCLUSIVE: Melissa McCarthy sports a huge green headpiece as she transforms into Hela with Luke Hemsworth and husband Ben Falcone as they begin filming Thor: Love And Thunder in Sydney after superfan couple said they were 'desperate' for roles ↑ ‘Thor: Love And Thunder’: Russell Crowe Lands Role In Sequel ↑ Russell Crowe shares some awesome moments with The Murphys! ↑ ‘THOR: LOVE AND THUNDER’ HEADED TO NEW YORK FOR ADDITIONAL PHOTOGRAPHY ↑ Luca Vannella on Instagram - May 28, 2021 ↑ Sam Neill admits he doesn’t understand his own role in Thor: Love and Thunder ↑ ‘In the world of the internet, everything goes away pretty quick’: Taika Waititi ↑ UPDATE: Marvel Studios Upcoming Films Release Dates ↑ Michael Giacchino on Twitter - December 9, 2021 ↑ Actress Gabriella Wisdom Has A Minor Role in Marvel Studios ‘Thor: Love and Thunder’ (EXCLUSIVE) ↑ Lena Headey Sued for $1.5 Million Over Cut ‘Thor: Love and Thunder’ Role and More External Links [ ] Thor: Love and Thunder on Marvel Database Thor: Love and Thunder on Wikipedia Thor: Love and Thunder on IMDb Thor: Love and Thunder on 𝕏 Thor: Love and Thunder on Facebook Thor: Love and Thunder on Instagram Thor: Love and Thunder on Disney+ The Multiverse Saga Phase Four Films Black Widow • Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings • Eternals • Spider-Man: No Way Home • Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness • Thor: Love and Thunder • Black Panther: Wakanda Forever TV Series WandaVision ( Season One ) • The Falcon and The Winter Soldier ( Season One ) • Loki ( Season One ) • What If...? ( Season One ) • Hawkeye ( Season One ) • Moon Knight ( Season One ) • Ms. Marvel ( Season One ) • I Am Groot ( Season One ) • She-Hulk: Attorney at Law ( Season One ) Specials Werewolf by Night • The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special Phase Five Films Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania • Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 • The Marvels • Deadpool & Wolverine • Captain America: Brave New World • Thunderbolts TV Series Secret Invasion ( Season One ) • I Am Groot ( Season Two ) • Loki ( Season Two ) • What If...? ( Season Two ) • Echo ( Season One ) • Agatha: Darkhold Diaries ( Season One ) • Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man ( Season One ) • Eyes of Wakanda ( Season One ) • Daredevil: Born Again ( Season One ) • Ironheart ( Season One ) • Marvel Zombies ( Season One ) Phase Six Films The Fantastic Four • Blade • Avengers: The Kang Dynasty • Avengers: Secret Wars TV Series Unknown Phase Films Armor Wars TV Series What If...? ( Season Three ) • Wonder Man ( Season One ) • Vision Quest ( Season One )