Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness Director(s) Sam Raimi Writer(s) Michael Waldron Producer(s) Kevin Feige Louis D'Esposito Victoria Alonso Eric Hauserman Carroll Scott Derrickson Jamie Christopher Mitchell Bell Richie Palmer Composer Danny Elfman Release Date May 6, 2022 Running Time 126 minutes Box Office $955.8 million More Information Full Credits Characters Awards Merchandise Trivia Release Home Video Marvel Cinematic Universe ← Previous Next → Spider-Man: No Way Home Thor: Love and Thunder " We appreciate your concern, Stephen, but it's not the Scarlet Witch that we fear. From our experience, the greatest danger to the Multiverse , it turns out, is Doctor Strange ." ― Mister Fantastic to Doctor Strange Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is a 2022 superhero film, based on the Marvel Comics superhero of the same name . The film is a sequel to Doctor Strange , Avengers: Endgame and WandaVision . It is the twenty-eighth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe and the eleventh installment of Phase Four . The film was released on May 6, 2022. The film is directed by Sam Raimi and stars Benedict Cumberbatch as Stephen Strange/Doctor Strange , Elizabeth Olsen as Wanda Maximoff/Scarlet Witch , Chiwetel Ejiofor as Karl Mordo/Baron Mordo , Benedict Wong as Wong , Xochitl Gomez as America Chavez , with Michael Stuhlbarg as Nicodemus West and Rachel McAdams as Christine Palmer . Contents 1 Synopsis 2 Plot 3 Cast 4 Appearances 4.1 Locations 4.2 Events 4.3 Items 4.4 Vehicles 4.5 Sentient Species 4.6 Creatures 4.7 Organizations 4.8 Mentioned 5 Production 6 Videos 6.1 Trailers 6.2 TV Spots 6.3 Clip 6.4 Featurettes 6.5 Other 7 Music 8 References 9 External Links Synopsis [ ] To restore a world where everything is changing, Strange seeks help from his ally Wong , the Sorcerer Supreme, and the Avengers ' most powerful Scarlet Witch , Wanda. But a terrible threat looms over humanity and the entire universe that no longer can be done by their power alone. Even more surprising, the greatest threat in the universe looks exactly like Doctor Strange.

Plot [ ] Defender Strange attempts to steal America Chavez 's power In the Gap Junction , a plane between universes, America Chavez and Doctor Strange race to the Book of Vishanti while attempting to evade a Ribboned Creature . Strange's attempts to contain the monster prove futile, leading him to attempt to steal Chavez's power of multiversal travel, while knowing that the process would kill her. However, the demon kills Strange during the process, and Chavez, in fear, inadvertently opens a portal to Earth-616 which she and Strange's corpse fall through. Wong fights Gargantos Doctor Strange wakes up, believing this vision to be a nightmare and continues about his day. He dresses up to attend Christine Palmer ’s wedding, there he reminisces about the time they previously spent together, but Palmer insists that the relationship would’ve failed regardless. During the celebration, an invisible entity begins to terrorize the streets of New York . Strange is forced to respond and reveals the entity as a Gargantos , a gigantic tentacled monster. Also present is Chavez, whom Strange recognizes from his "nightmare" and rescues her. Wong arrives at the scene from Kamar-Taj , and together they kill Gargantos by gouging its eye out. Strange and Wong question Chavez, and she explains that the demons were hunting her for her powers. As proof of her claims, she takes them to the alternate Strange's corpse to prove that Strange's "nightmare" was actually a peek into his counterpart across the Multiverse . Doctor Strange confronts Scarlet Witch Upon further inspection of the corpse, Strange discovers runes of witchcraft that he realises were also present on the tentacled creature. Knowing that this isn't his area of expertise, he visits Wanda Maximoff at her farm to ask her about what she knows about the Multiverse, but he soon discovers that the farm is a chaos magic conjuration created by Maximoff herself. With the Darkhold in her possession, Maximoff reveals herself as the one who sent the demons after Chavez originally, believing that she could reunite with Billy and Tommy once she is able to take over the Multiverse. She also gives Strange before sundown to surrender Chavez before hunting her down herself. Strange rejects her demands. Scarlet Witch attacks Kamar-Taj As Chavez is over at Kamar-Taj, the Masters of the Mystic Arts fortify the area in preparation for Maximoff's assault with a magic shield and various other defenses. However, Maximoff's telepathy targets one sorcerer and disables his magic, leading the shield to collapse, allowing her to shred through the resistance of Kamar-Taj. Strange entraps her within the Mirror Dimension , which proves to be ineffective as she escapes using reflections. Cornered, Chavez accidentally opens a portal, allowing herself and Strange to flee across the Multiverse. They land in Earth-838, in a futuristic New York City, where they walk towards the New York Sanctum in search of Strange's counterpart in this universe, but as that counterpart had died defeating Thanos previously, they are instead greeted by this universe's Sorcerer Supreme: Baron Mordo . Doctor Strange is judged by the Illuminati Mordo invites both of them to sit down for tea, and the two warn him of the Scarlet Witch's incoming threat. They soon pass out, as Mordo had poisoned the tea, and awaken in a facility elsewhere. There, they meet that universe's Christine Palmer , who works at the facility as a scientist that helps with managing different Multiversal threats. Strange is brought forth before the Illuminati for his trial, consisting of Mordo, Captain Peggy Carter , Blackagar Boltagon , Captain Maria Rambeau , Reed Richards and Charles Xavier . They believe that Doctor Strange remains the greatest threat in the universe, revealing that their universe's counterpart of Strange had used the Darkhold to look for alternate ways to defeat Thanos. He found the Book of Vishanti, which the Illuminati used to kill Thanos on Titan . But Strange confessed that he had caused an incursion , an event in which a reality is destroyed, and thus volunteered to be executed to prevent further destruction. The Illuminati confronts Scarlet Witch Meanwhile, Maximoff makes use of the Darkhold to dreamwalk into her Earth-838 counterpart in Westview to interact with her children. However, Sara Wolfe manages to destroy the Darkhold, so Maximoff burns her alive in retaliation. She also threatens to kill other sorcerers if Wong does not reveal another method to dreamwalk, leading him to reveal that the book was a copy. He takes her to a castle on Mount Wundagore where the Darkhold was first transcribed. Maximoff uses the castle's power to dreamwalk back into her Earth-838 self and raids the Illuminati Headquarters in search of Chavez. Before they could vote to execute Strange, Carter, Black Bolt, Rambeau and Richards leave to respond to the attack, but Maximoff easily kills them. Xavier enters Maximoff's mind and attempts to liberate her from the Scarlet Witch, but fails as she snaps his neck. Mordo votes to kill Strange himself, who tricks him into destroying his restraints before escaping. Doctor Strange finds the Book of Vishanti The Illuminati's efforts have also bought Palmer enough time to free Chavez and the two escape into the sewers, where they rendezvous with Strange. Maximoff continues to pursue them into the Gap Junction, where Strange retrieves the Book of Vishanti. However, Maximoff quickly destroys it and takes control of Chavez, using her to send Strange and Palmer into another universe. She takes Chavez back to Earth-616, abandoning her alternate self who returns home to Westview. Maximoff then prepares a ritual to take her powers. Elsewhere, Strange and Palmer land in a universe that is being destroyed by an incursion and head towards its New York Sanctum. There, they find a sinister counterpart of Strange who had been corrupted by his copy of the Darkhold and possessed a third eye because of it. Doctor Strange dreamwalks into his variant 's corpse When questioned about the Darkhold, this sinister counterpart warns against using it, however Strange still engages in a musical battle in order to retrieve the book, believing it to be the only way to stop Maximoff. The fight ends with Strange killing his evil counterpart, and Palmer reluctantly agrees to assist him as he dreamwalks into the other alternate Strange's corpse back on Earth-616. As he travels to Mount Wundagore, the spirits of the damned inhabiting the Darkhold attempt to attack Strange in both universes, but Palmer is able to protect Strange as he binds them into a cloak. He reunites with Wong, and they attempt to fight Maximoff, but are easily defeated. America Chavez opens a portal to the Vision Residence Despite their loss, Strange manages to inspire Chavez into refining her abilities against Maximoff, which results in her using her powers to send Maximoff back to Earth-838. There, she attacks her counterpart and attempts to comfort her kids, but they openly reject her. This causes Maximoff to collapse into tears, but her counterpart comforts her, breaking her out of the Darkhold's corruption. Realizing the destruction she had caused, Maximoff sacrifices herself to destroy the castle and every copy of the Darkhold within the Multiverse as Wong and Chavez return to Kamar-Taj. Before they both return to their home universes, Strange admits to Palmer that while he has always loved her, he was too insecure about committing to a real relationship. Doctor Strange partners with Clea Kamar-Taj begins to rebuild as Chavez starts her training in the mystic arts, while Strange returns to New York and repairs the watch his Palmer had gifted to him. He takes a walk afterwards, only to collapse and cry out in pain as his third eye opens. Shortly after, Strange encounters Clea , a sorceress who warns him that he has caused an incursion and that they must put a stop to it. She opens a portal to the Dark Dimension and the two walk through it. Cast [ ] Benedict Cumberbatch as Stephen Strange/Doctor Strange / Stephen Strange/Doctor Strange / Stephen Strange/Doctor Strange / Stephen Strange/Doctor Strange Elizabeth Olsen as Wanda Maximoff/Scarlet Witch / Wanda Maximoff/Scarlet Witch Chiwetel Ejiofor as Karl Mordo/Baron Mordo Benedict Wong as Master Wong Xochitl Gomez as America Chavez Aliyah Camacho as Young America Chavez Rachel McAdams as Doctor Christine Palmer / Christine Palmer Jett Klyne as Tommy Maximoff Julian Hilliard as Billy Maximoff Michael Stuhlbarg as Doctor Nicodemus West Hayley Atwell as Peggy Carter/Captain Carter Anson Mount as Blackagar Boltagon/Black Bolt Lashana Lynch as Maria Rambeau/Captain Marvel John Krasinski as Reed Richards/Mister Fantastic Patrick Stewart as Charles Xavier/Professor X Charlize Theron as Clea (mid-credits scene) Sheila Atim as Sara Wolfe Adam Hugill as Rintrah Bruce Campbell as Pizza Poppa Ross Marquand as Ultron Sentries Ako Mitchell as Charlie Momo Yeung as Hong Kong Master Daniel Swain as London Master Topo Wresniwiro as Master Hamir Eden Nathenson as Ariann Vinny Moli as Vinny Charlie Norton as Weasel Ruth Livier as Elena Chavez Chess Lopez as Amalia Chavez Kevin Dalton as Mr. Palmer Cecilia Appiah as Carla Paul Bettany as Vision (archive footage; uncredited) Maria Natuzzi as Maria (uncredited) Appearances [ ] Locations [ ] Multiverse Gap Junction Astral Dimension Mirror Dimension Living Tribunal Statue World Blue Void World Onslaught Canyon World Mirror World Honeycomb World Underwater World Alt New York Pipe World Skeleton World Savage Land Comic Book World Post-Apocalyptic World Cube World Paint World HYDRA World Geometric City World Dark City World Misty City World Volcanic World Dark Dimension Utopian Parallel (memory) Earth New York City , New York New York Sanctum Jonas & James Mancini's Chrysler Building Manhattan Bridge Memory Lane Central Park Illuminati Headquarters Empire State Building Brooklyn Bridge Strange Museum (mentioned) Metro-General Hospital (deleted scene) Wanda Maximoff's Hideout Kathmandu , Nepal Kamar-Taj London , England London Sanctum (mentioned) Hong Kong , China Hong Kong Sanctum (mentioned) Westview , New Jersey Vision Residence Mount Wundagore Darkhold Castle Titan (memory) Events [ ] Scarlet Witch's War Chase of America Chavez Siege of Kamar-Taj Destruction of the Darkhold Battle at the Illuminati Headquarters Duel at the New York Sanctum Battle on Mount Wundagore Snap (mentioned) Blip (mentioned) Spider-Man Multiversal Crisis (mentioned) Westview Anomaly (flashback) Battle of Westview (indirectly mentioned) Infinity War (mentioned) Battle of Titan (mentioned) Battle of Wakanda (mentioned) Infinity War (mentioned) Battle of Titan (memory) Assassination of Doctor Strange (memory) Items [ ] Cloak of Levitation Sling Ring Eye of Agamotto Inter-Dimensional Portal Tao Mandalas Eldritch Whip Shield of the Seraphim Darkhold Stark Industries Combat Drones Vaulting Boots of Valtorr Sands of Nisanti Dreamwalking Vibranium Captain Carter's Shield Captain Carter's Uniform Starforce Uniform Black Bolt's Helmet Fantastic Four Uniforms Time Platform Book of Vishanti Brazier of Bom'Galiath Oswald the Lucky Rabbit The Sky Scrapper Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 Nintendo Switch Thanos' Armor (memory) Uru (memory) Double-Edged Sword (memory) Infinity Gauntlet (memory) Infinity Stones (mentioned) Time Stone (mentioned) Space Stone (memory) Power Stone (memory) Reality Stone (memory) Soul Stone (memory) Web-Shooters (mentioned) Synthetic Webbing (mentioned) Terrigen Mist (mentioned) Rogers: The Musical (poster) Vehicles [ ] Charles Xavier's Hoverchair Model T 1973 Oldsmobile Delta 88 Sentient Species [ ] Humans Inhumans Kree Mutants Demons Zombies Cosmic Entities Living Tribunal (statues) Titans (memory) Thanos (corpse) Creatures [ ] Inter-Dimensional Beings Ribboned Creature Gargantos Sheep Ravens Dinosaurs Tyrannosaurus Triceratops Bees Fish Cats (mentioned) Clams (mentioned) Spiders (mentioned) Octopuses (mentioned) Hamsters (mentioned) Max (mentioned) Rabbits (depiction) Organizations [ ] Masters of the Mystic Arts Illuminati Baxter Foundation Masters of the Mystic Arts Avengers Inhuman Royal Family Fantastic Four Masters of the Mystic Arts Masters of the Mystic Arts Elder Beasts Souls of the Damned New York City Police Department Fire Department of New York City Stark Industries (logo) HYDRA (logo) Avengers (mentioned) S.H.I.E.L.D. (mentioned) HYDRA (mentioned) Vishanti (mentioned) Vishanti (mentioned) Vishanti (mentioned) Cafe La Llave Espresso (poster) Celestial Seasonings (billboard) U-Haul (logo) Detroit Tigers (mentioned) The Epoch Times (logo) Grindhouse Releasing (logo) WHiH World News (deleted scene) Mentioned [ ] Nicodemus West 's Brother Thanos Spider-Man Steve Rogers Vision Hawkeye Ant-Man Wasp Tommy Maximoff Billy Maximoff Christine Palmer Karl Mordo Chthon Nisanti Nisanti Ultron Franklin Richards Valeria Richards Sue Storm Donna Strange Donna Strange (indirectly) Christine Palmer The Fantastic Four Production [ ] On April 20, 2017, Deadline reported that Scott Derrickson would work on a Doctor Strange sequel after he finished his work on the television series Locke & Key .

On October 19, 2017, Kevin Feige stated that the film would be released a number of years after Doctor Strange .

On March 31, 2018, C. Robert Cargill , a co-writer of Doctor Strange , revealed plans for the film to ideally feature Karl Mordo and Nightmare as villains.

On June 28, 2018, Kevin Feige revealed that there were plans to make a sequel to Doctor Strange .

On December 11, 2018, The Hollywood Reporter reported that Scott Derrickson would be returning to direct the sequel. It was also reported that the film's script would be worked on throughout 2019 and that the film was expected to begin production in early 2020 for an expected release in May 2021.

On July 20, 2019, at San Diego Comic-Con 2019, Kevin Feige revealed that the title of the film would be Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness and that it was scheduled to hit theaters on May 7, 2021. After Feige revealed the title of the film, Scott Derrickson stated "If I'm gonna do it, it has to go into the territory that drew me into the Doctor Strange comics in the first place, which is how they dipped into the gothic and the horror and the horrific, and we're going to make the first scary MCU film." It was also announced that Elizabeth Olsen would be reprising her role as Wanda Maximoff/Scarlet Witch in the film, as it would connect to the events in the Disney+ series WandaVision .

On October 17, 2019, Collider reported that Marvel Studios had tapped screenwriter Jade Bartlett to write the film.

On November 7, 2019, Kevin Feige revealed that the film would tie-in with the Disney+ series Loki .

In January 2020, it was reported that the film would start production on May 4 in London , New York , and Los Angeles . [10] On January 9, 2020, Variety reported that Scott Derrickson had stepped down as director due to creative differences, but that he would remain on the film as an executive producer, which Derrickson himself affirmed. [11] It was also reported that there wasn't expected to be any delays when it came to production. [12] On February 5, 2020, Variety reported that Sam Raimi was in talks to replace Scott Derrickson as the director of the film. It was also reported that Rachel McAdams would not be reprising her role as Christine Palmer in the film [13] , despite an earlier report that she would be returning. [14] On February 7, 2020, The Hollywood Reporter reported that Michael Waldron , head writer and showrunner of Loki , had been tapped to write the film, replacing Jade Bartlett. [15] That same day, C. Robert Cargill clarified that neither he nor Scott Derrickson ever wrote a draft of the screenplay prior to their departure from the film and that Waldron's script would therefore not be derivative of their work. [16] On April 3, 2020, it was announced that due to the COVID-19 pandemic , the film had been pushed back from its initial release date to November 5, 2021. [17] On April 14, 2020, Sam Raimi confirmed that he would be directing the film. [18] On April 24, 2020, it was announced that the film had been pushed back to March 25, 2022 [19] after its November 5, 2021 release date was assigned to Spider-Man: No Way Home . [20] On June 25, 2020, Chiwetel Ejiofor revealed that he would be reprising his role as Karl Mordo in the film. [21] On September 2, 2020, it was reported that the film would begin production in the United Kingdom in November. [22] The next day, it was reported that the working title of the film was "Stellar Vortex" . [23] On October 1, 2020, in an interview, Benedict Cumberbatch revealed that the film was scheduled to begin production in late October or early November. [24] On November 20, 2020, The Hollywood Reporter reported that the film had started production. [25] On December 10, 2020, Deadline reported that Rachel McAdams would be reprising her role as Christine Palmer in the film, despite an earlier report that she would not be returning. [26] That same day, during Disney's 2020 Investor Day, Kevin Feige announced that Xochitl Gomez would portray America Chavez in the film and that the film would connect to the events of Spider-Man: No Way Home . [27] On January 6, 2021, in an interview on Jimmy Kimmel Live! , Elizabeth Olsen revealed that the production of the film had been suspended due to a lockdown that was implemented in England as a way to try to slow the spread of COVID-19. [28] On February 11, 2021, it was reported that Adam Hugill had joined the cast of the film and that he would portray Rintrah . [29] On February 18, 2021, in an interview with Inverse , Danny Elfman revealed that he would be composing the score for the film. [30] On February 25, 2021, it was reported that the film would wrap production on April 23. [31] On April 17, 2021, it was reported that the film was shooting scenes in Somerset . [32] On July 14, 2021, The Hollywood Reporter revealed that Tom Hiddleston was expected to reprise his role as Loki in the film. [33] On August 4, 2021, it was revealed that the film had shot scenes in Longcross , Iceland , and Italy . [34] On October 18, 2021, it was announced that the film had been pushed back from its March 25, 2022 release date to May 6, 2022. [35] On November 12, 2021, The Hollywood Reporter reported that the film would undergo six weeks of additional shooting that would be comprised of both additional photography and reshoots. [36] On January 12, 2022, Deadline reported that the film had wrapped up additional shooting on January 8. [37] On February 13, 2022, the film's official trailer was released and it was revealed that Patrick Stewart would portray Charles Xavier/Professor X in the film. Stewart previously portrayed the character in 20th Century Fox 's X-Men film series . [38] That same day, the film's official poster was released and it revealed that Peggy Carter/Captain Carter would appear in the film. [39] On February 14, 2022, ScreenGeek reported that Anson Mount had joined the cast of the film and that he would portray an alternate version of Blackagar Boltagon/Black Bolt . Mount previously portrayed Black Bolt in Inhumans . [40] On April 22, 2022, The Hollywood Reporter reported that due to the inclusion of an LGBTQ+ character in the film, it had been banned in Saudi Arabia , Kuwait , and Qatar . [41] The next day, it was reported that the film had also been banned in Egypt for the same reason. [42] [43] On April 29, 2022, it was reported that Ruth Livier and Chess Lopez had joined the cast of the film and that they would portray Elena Chavez and Amalia Chavez , respectively. [44] Videos [ ] Trailers [ ] Marvel Studios' Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - Official Teaser Marvel Studios' Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - Official Trailer Marvel Studios’ Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - Final Trailer TV Spots [ ] Marvel Studios' Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness Marvel Studios' Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - Fate Marvel Studios' Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - Dream Marvel Studios' Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - Cinematic Marvel Studios' Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - Reckoning Marvel Studios' Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - Ready Marvel Studios' Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - Experience Marvel Studios’ Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - Time Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - In Theatres Friday Marvel Studios' Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - Illuminati Marvel Studios' Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - Impossibility Marvel Studios' Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - Change Clip [ ] Doctor Strange vs Gargantos fight! - Exclusive Clip - Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness Featurettes [ ] Marvel Studios' Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - Enter the Multiverse Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - Official Exclusive Behind the Scenes Clip (2022) Marvel Studios’ Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - Wanda Returns Featurette Other [ ] Marvel Studios’ Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - Red Carpet LIVE! Elizabeth Olsen on Becoming The Scarlet Witch! - Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness Benedict Cumberbatch on the Many Versions of Doctor Strange! - Red Carpet LIVE! Sam Raimi Returns to Marvel! - Marvel Studios’ Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness Kevin Feige Talks Finally Entering the Multiverse of Madness Rachel McAdams RETURNS as Dr. Christine Palmer! Benedict Wong On the Responsibility of Being Sorcerer Supreme Xochitl Gomez and Victoria Alonso Talk America Chavez's MCU Debut! Danny Elfman on Returning to Super Heroes with Sam Raimi! MCU Casting Director Sarah Finn on Finding New Super Heroes! A Look at the Elaborate Costumes from Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness Best Red Carpet Moments! - Marvel Studios' Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness Marvel Studios’ Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness - Announcement - Disney+ Behind the Scenes- The MANY Doctor Strange Looks in Multiverse of Madness! Music [ ] Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack Song title Artist Location(s) All I Have to Do Is Dream The Everly Brothers "Dream" TV Spot Theme from Doctor Strange Michael Giacchino Doctor Strange jumps from balcony to save America Chavez Cosmic Beam Experience Francesco Lupica Joy of Man's Desiring Johann Sebastian Bach , Bertalan Hock Christine Palmer and Charlie 's wedding Prelude to Act III - Bridal Chorus Richard Wagner , Stephen Cleobury Christine Palmer and Charlie 's wedding Ev'ry Time We Say Goodbye Cole Porter , Oscar Peterson Doctor Strange and Christine Palmer talking at bar in wedding WandaVision! Kristen Anderson-Lopez , Sara Mann , Jessica Rotter , Cindy Bourquin , Elyse Willis , Laura Dickinson , Robert Lopez , Eric Bradley , Greg Whipple , Jasper Randall & Gerald White Transition to Wanda's Orchard The Ice Cream Song Jett Klyne , Julian Hilliard Billy and Tommy Maximoff sing together to ask for ice cream X-Men '97 Theme Haim Saban , Shuki Levy Professor X first appears Captain America Theme Alan Silvestri Captain Carter is introduced Symphony No. 5 Ludwig van Beethoven Theme of Doctor Strange during piano battle (sampled in Lethal Symphonies) Toccata and Fugue in D Minor Johann Sebastian Bach Theme of Doctor Strange during piano battle (sampled in Lethal Symphonies) References [ ] The Marvel Cinematic Universe Wiki has a collection of images and media related to Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness . ↑ Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness Won't Be Screened Until Hollywood Premiere ↑ ‘Locke & Key’ Drama From Carlton Cuse, Joe Hill & IDW Gets Hulu Pilot Order, Scott Derrickson To Direct ↑ Kevin Feige on Plans for the MCU's 10th Anniversary ↑ Doctor Strange 2 Villain Plans and New Story Ideas Revealed ↑ Kevin Feige Explains Marvel's Approach To Mixing New Solo Movies and Sequels in Phase 4 ↑ Scott Derrickson Returning to Direct 'Doctor Strange' Sequel ↑ SDCC 2019: All of the Marvel Studios News Coming Out of Hall H at San Diego Comic-Con ↑ Exclusive: Marvel Taps Jade Bartlett to Write ‘Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness’ ↑ Bob Iger Takes the Gloves Off for Disney’s Streaming Debut ↑ Doctor Strange In The Multiverse Of Madness - Production List ↑ Scott Derrickson on Twitter - January 9, 2020 ↑ ‘Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness’ Director Scott Derrickson Drops Out (EXCLUSIVE) ↑ Sam Raimi in Talks to Direct ‘Doctor Strange 2’ (EXCLUSIVE) ↑ ‘Doctor Strange’ Director Scott Derrickson to Return for Sequel ↑ 'Doctor Strange 2' Lands New Writer With 'Loki' Show Creator (Exclusive) ↑ C. Robert Cargill on Twitter - February 7, 2020 ↑ The Walt Disney Studios Announces Updated Release Schedule ↑ Exclusive: Sam Raimi on Spider-Man 2 Doctor Strange Reference ↑ 'Marvel Studios' ‘Doctor Strange’ and Marvel Studios' ‘Thor 4’ Conjure New Release Dates ↑ ‘Spider-Man’ Sequels Pushed Back Amid Sony Release Schedule Shuffle ↑ Doctor Strange 2: Chiwetel Ejiofor Confirms Return as Mordo ↑ EXCLUSIVE: ‘DOCTOR STRANGE’ SEQUEL SET TO FILM IN NOVEMBER ↑ EXCLUSIVE: WORKING TITLE OF ‘DOCTOR STRANGE’ SEQUEL REVEALED ↑ BENEDICT CUMBERBATCH & THE JAEGER-LECOULTRE POLARIS MARINER MEMOVOX ↑ Marvel's 'Black Panther' Sequel Shoot to Begin in July (Exclusive) ↑ Rachel McAdams Returning For ‘Doctor Strange In The Multiverse Of Madness’ ↑ 'Doctor Strange In The Multiverse of Madness': Sequel Introduces America Chavez, Sam Raimi Directing ↑ Elizabeth Olsen on WandaVision Fan Theories & Exclusive Never-Before-Seen Clip ↑ Doctor Strange 2: Adam Hugill Joins Benedict Cumberbatch & Co. For Marvel Sequel (Exclusive) ↑ Exclusive: Danny Elfman confirms he's scoring 'Doctor Strange 2' ↑ Heroic Hollywood on Twitter - February 25, 2021 ↑ Doctor Strange 2: Marvel filming one scene allegedly worth £2m in Somerset ↑ 'Loki' Renewed for Season 2 at Disney+ ↑ Chris Shaw's Official Website - Previous Work ↑ UPDATE: Marvel Studios Upcoming Films Release Dates ↑ ‘Doctor Strange’ Sequel Undergoing “Significant” Reshoots ↑ Benedict Cumberbatch Teases Wes Anderson Team-Up & Next ‘Doctor Strange’ Film After Earning Seventh SAG Award Nom For ‘The Power Of The Dog’ ↑ Doctor Strange 2 Trailer: Patrick Stewart's Marvel Return Confirmed ↑ Doctor Strange 2 Poster Includes Captain Carter Easter Egg ↑ Exclusive: Anson Mount Will Return As Black Bolt In 'Doctor Strange 2' ↑ ‘Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness’ Banned in Saudi Arabia (Exclusive) ↑ Marvel’s ‘Doctor Strange’ Sequel Banned in Egypt Over LGBTQ+ Character ↑ IMAX Egypt on Twitter on Twitter - April 23, 2022 ↑ ‘Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness’: America Chavez’s Moms Have Been Cast (Exclusive) External Links [ ] Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness on Marvel Database Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness on Wikipedia Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness on IMDb Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness on 𝕏 Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness on Facebook Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness on Instagram Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness on Disney+ The Multiverse Saga Phase Four Films Black Widow • Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings • Eternals • Spider-Man: No Way Home • Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness • Thor: Love and Thunder • Black Panther: Wakanda Forever TV Series WandaVision ( Season One ) • The Falcon and The Winter Soldier ( Season One ) • Loki ( Season One ) • What If...? ( Season One ) • Hawkeye ( Season One ) • Moon Knight ( Season One ) • Ms. Marvel ( Season One ) • I Am Groot ( Season One ) • She-Hulk: Attorney at Law ( Season One ) Specials Werewolf by Night • The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special Phase Five Films Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania • Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 • The Marvels • Deadpool & Wolverine • Captain America: Brave New World • Thunderbolts TV Series Secret Invasion ( Season One ) • I Am Groot ( Season Two ) • Loki ( Season Two ) • What If...? ( Season Two ) • Echo ( Season One ) • Agatha: Darkhold Diaries ( Season One ) • Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man ( Season One ) • Eyes of Wakanda ( Season One ) • Daredevil: Born Again ( Season One ) • Ironheart ( Season One ) • Marvel Zombies ( Season One ) Phase Six Films The Fantastic Four • Blade • Avengers: The Kang Dynasty • Avengers: Secret Wars TV Series Unknown Phase Films Armor Wars TV Series What If...? ( Season Three ) • Wonder Man ( Season One ) • Vision Quest ( Season One )