Black Panther: Wakanda Forever Director(s) Ryan Coogler Writer(s) Ryan Coogler Joe Robert Cole Producer(s) Kevin Feige Nate Moore Louis D'Esposito Victoria Alonso Barry Waldman David J. Grant Composer Ludwig Göransson Release Date November 11, 2022 Running Time 161 minutes Box Office $859.2 million More Information Full Credits Characters Awards Merchandise Trivia Release Home Video Marvel Cinematic Universe ← Previous Next → Thor: Love and Thunder Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania "My brother is dead. But it doesn't mean the Black Panther is gone." ― Shuri Black Panther: Wakanda Forever is a 2022 superhero film, based on the Marvel Comics superhero of the same name . The film is a sequel to Black Panther and Avengers: Endgame . It is the thirtieth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , and the seventeenth installment of Phase Four . The film was released on November 11, 2022. The film is written and directed by Ryan Coogler and stars Letitia Wright as Shuri/Black Panther , Lupita Nyong'o as Nakia , Danai Gurira as Okoye , Winston Duke as M'Baku , Florence Kasumba as General Ayo , Dominique Thorne as Riri Williams/Ironheart , Michaela Coel as Aneka , Tenoch Huerta as Namor , with Martin Freeman as Agent Everett Ross , and Angela Bassett as Queen Mother Ramonda . Contents 1 Synopsis 2 Plot 3 Cast 4 Appearances 4.1 Locations 4.2 Events 4.3 Items 4.4 Vehicles 4.5 Sentient Species 4.6 Creatures 4.7 Organizations 4.8 Mentioned 5 Production 6 Videos 6.1 Trailers 6.2 TV Spots 6.3 Featurettes 6.4 Other 7 Music 8 References 9 External Links Synopsis [ ] In Marvel Studios ' Black Panther: Wakanda Forever , Queen Ramonda , Shuri , M'Baku , Okoye and the Dora Milaje , fight to protect their nation from intervening world powers in the wake of King T'Challa 's death. As the Wakandans strive to embrace their next chapter, the heroes must band together with the help of War Dog Nakia and Everett Ross and forge a new path for the kingdom of Wakanda.

Plot [ ] Namor oversees the burning of the village In 1571 , a tribe in Yucatán suffered an outbreak of smallpox. A shaman found a plant and along with other people, drank it. The substance turned the people blue and made them incapable of breathing in air. They quickly moved to the ocean and created a civilization in the deep water, Talokan . One of the women who ingested the plant had a baby named K'uk'ulkan . The baby grew up to become ruler of Talokan. When she died, she asked to be buried on her homeland. K'uk'ulkan led some guards up to the land where he saw several Maya people being enslaved by the Spanish. Furious, he ordered the plantation to be burnt down. During his attack, a priest called the child "el niño sin amor," meaning "the child without love"; the boy claimed Namor as his moniker, for he had no love for the surface world. T'Challa is mourned In 2024 , Shuri works in her lab, trying hard to create an artificial Heart-Shaped Herb to use for her brother and Wakanda 's king, T'Challa , who is dying of an unidentified illness. Desperate, Shuri is ready to use a herb she has just synthesized despite being warned by her AI system Griot that it has a less than 30% chance of working when Ramonda slowly walks into the lab, announcing that T'Challa has already passed away. He is given a funeral and buried by his advisors and loved ones. One year later , Wakanda is having trouble with other nations wanting their Vibranium , as they believe it is too dangerous to be left to the Wakandans due to its strength, power and since it cannot be picked up by any existing scans. The Dora Milaje catch French operatives trying to steal vibranium from an outreach outpost in Mali. Later, Ramonda talks to the United Nations and reveals that the operation was officially endorsed by their government. She reminds the UN that even though the Black Panther is gone, they will still fight. Attuma attacks the mining outpost At a mining outpost, Americans mine in the ocean using a device that is actually able to detect vibranium. They find a huge haul in the ocean, when suddenly they come under attack by Talokanils who do not want them stealing their vibranium. The soldiers are all lured to their deaths in the water by a strange song, while the rest are brutally killed thans to the Talokanils command of ocean life with last remaining helicoptor of survivors is struck down by Namor. In Wakanda, Ramonda and Shuri go to the outskirts of the city to commemorate the year since T'Challa's passing. Ramonda burns her funeral garments to signify the end of the mourning period, however Shuri refuses to as she is not ready to move on. Ramonda is about to tell Shuri something important about T'Challa when Namor arrives. The two are shocked that he was able to get across the Wakandan border unseen and undetected and order him to leave. He reveals to them the existence of Talokan and wants their help to stop foreigners from taking vibranium. He also explains that Wakanda is not the only place that has vibranium, Talokan has it too. Ramonda tells him off, worried of his presence. He tells them he is going to kill the scientist who made the machine that can detech vibranium and requests their help, warning they should not get in his way. Okoye battles the Talokanil The Tribal Council is immediately convened to discuss the fact there is a nation they've never heard of able to enter Wakanda at will and the fact vibranium can now be detected. The council's members have different opinions of what to do; Zawavari believes the scientist should be found and handed over to Namor, while M'Baku believes that Namor should be hunted down and killed instead lest he start making more demands. Okoye is sent to find whomever built the vibranium detector and bring them back to Wakanda so they can decide what should be done with them. Okoye asks Ramonda if she can bring Shuri with her; not only does Shuri want to go but Okoye believes getting out of Wakanda for a while might do her some good. Ramonda reluctantly agrees. With no other leads, Shuri and Okoye go to meet Everett Ross to try and find out who built the vibranium detecting machine. Ross is initially wary as by telling them such information he would be guilty of treason (and could even face a death sentence), however cannot deny the debt he owes to T'Challa and Shuri for saving his life so reveals the machine was built by an MIT student, Riri Williams . They then go to Cambridge , Massachusetts to find Williams who tells them that the vibranium detector was a school project which was appropriated by the Government. They follow her to her garage where she reveals that she is working on an Iron Man type armor . However, they are followed by the FBI . The three people get away, Okoye in a car, Shuri in a motorcycle, and Williams in her armor. Suddenly, they are met by Talokanils, Attuma and Namora . A brief skirmish ends in Shuri and Williams getting captured. Namor talks with Ramonda Ross arrives at the scene the next day and meets with his ex-wife, Valentina Allegra de Fontaine . He also finds Kimoyo Beads and hides them. In Wakanda, Ramonda is furious with Okoye for losing Shuri and dismisses her as general and removes her from the Dora Milaje. M'Baku and M'Kathu try to tell Ramonda not to be too harsh, but Ramonda goes into a fury telling them she has already lost her husband and son and now might have lost her daughter, as well as reminding the council that they (apart from M'Baku) and the Dora Milaje abandoned her when Killmonger took over the kingdom. Okoye sticks her spear in the ground and leaves in disgrace. Ramonda does a search for Shuri's Kimoyo Beads and finds out that Ross has them, and the two discuss the situation. Ramonda is unable to tell him much, and can only warn him a new power is at work. Ross pledges his support if Wakanda needs it. Shuri and Williams wake up in Talokan. Namor shows Shuri the civilization, trying to convince her of his ideals, even giving her his mother's bracelet. However, she disagrees with killing Williams. Meanwhile, Ramonda goes to Haiti to see Nakia , who had left Wakanda six years prior. She asks Nakia to find Shuri for her. Nakia does some spying and figures out the location. She then breaks Williams and Shuri out as Ramonda talks to Namor about his plan, killing two Talokanil guards in the process. Namor leads the charge They return to Wakanda, but only for more torment as Namor and his people invade the city in retaliation causing an all out war. Namor takes care of all of the Wakandan vehicles before flooding the throne room holding Ramonda and Williams. Williams starts drowning, so Ramonda saves her, only to drown in the process. Shuri mourns her mother's passing as Namor tells her she is queen now. He and his people then leave the country. Meanwhile, Allegra de Fontaine reveals to Ross that she intentionally left the Kimoyo Beads for him to find so she could catch him in the act of giving away national secrets to the Wakandans and has him arrested. The Black Panther is reborn M'Baku talks to Shuri after the funeral and gives her moral judgement that she should not kill Namor. He then tells her he will provide housing for the displaced Wakandans following the attack. Shuri then uses Namor's mother's bracelet to create the artificial heart-shaped herb which finally works. She goes to the Astral Plane after taking it and is greeted by Erik Killmonger . She is horrified and doesn't understand why her mind chose to converse with him of all people but he knows they took the herb for the same reason; so they could take revenge against those who have taken from them. They argue a bit as Shuri promises that she will kill Namor for what he did. Shuri wakes up and makes herself a suit. She then drops into a meeting between M'Baku and the elders as the Black Panther. Reversing his earlier stance, M'Baku says they should not kill Namor as he is revered as a god by his people and killing one who is so idolised can only lead Wakanda and its people into an endless bloody war. He also tells Shuri he doesn't want to see her commit murder, having promised T'Challa before his death that he would look out for her. Shuri disregards his counsel, determined to make Namor pay. Black Panther vs. the Talokanil In preparation of the battle, Shuri and Williams realize that they could weaken Namor by heating his body up to where it cannot get oxygen. They then make a second Ironheart armor .  Shuri gives Okoye new armor, acting much like Iron Man 's as well, called the Midnight Angels . Okoye recruits Aneka to be apart of her two woman team. In the ocean, they use a vessel to lure the Talokanils into a trap. The battle commences as Namor seems to gain the upper hand. However, Black Panther traps him in a Royal Talon Fighter as they take off away from the battle. Meanwhile, the Dora Milaje fight the Talokanils on the side of the vessel while the Jabari Tribe , Nakia, and the others battle the ones on top. Ironheart and the Midnight Angels take care of the airborne Talokanils. Black Panther prepares to kill Namor Black Panther heats up the Royal Talon Fighter, weakening Namor, but he begins to break out with his spear. Black Panther shoots a blast from her Vibranium Gauntlets which explodes the whole ship, sending the two adversaries into the island below. The two fight some more  with Shuri gaining the upper hand as the fight progress, but Namor eventually impales Shuri. Instead of finishing her off, he is more worried about getting to the water before he dies. An injured Black Panther breaks free and gets in front of the limping Namor. She then yells "Wakanda Forever" as she armors up, sending a blast from the exploding Talon Fighter into Namor. He is set ablaze and collapses. She kicks him over so his back is on the ground. She then stands over him to finish him off, but remembers her brother, T'Challa. With these memories of the man that he was, she decides to spare Namor's life as long as he returns to Talokan. Namor paints Namor has gratitude for the Black Panther and joins her as they return to the fight scene and tell everyone to stop fighting. Black Panther then yells "Wakanda Forever" once again as the rest repeat it back. In the aftermath, Williams returns to MIT without her armor as the Wakandans do not want any controversy with letting her keep it. Shuri leaves for Haiti instead of challenging for the throne, which ultimately is challenged by M'Baku. Later, Namor paints in his room as Namora accuses him of cowardice for surrendering to the Black Panther; however, he assures her that their new alliance with Wakanda will be beneficial in the long term. As Ross is transported to face his punishment, Okoye breaks him out of custody (allowing herself some amusement at seeing a 'coloniser' in chains). Shuri finally says goodbye to T'Challa In Haiti, Shuri meets with Nakia before leaving for the beach where she mourns T'Challa one last time, burning her funeral robes like her mother requested she do showing she is ready to move on and face the future without her family. Nakia then approaches her with a child; she explains that it is her and T'Challa's son, whom Ramonda had met before passing. The boy introduces himself as Toussaint, before telling Shuri it is his Haitian name and his real name is T'Challa . Cast [ ] Letitia Wright as Shuri/Black Panther Lupita Nyong'o as Nakia Danai Gurira as Okoye Winston Duke as M'Baku Florence Kasumba as General Ayo Dominique Thorne as Riri Williams/Ironheart Michaela Coel as Aneka Tenoch Huerta as Namor Manuel Chavez as Young Namor Martin Freeman as Agent Everett Ross Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Contessa Valentina Allegra de Fontaine Angela Bassett as Queen Mother Ramonda Alex Livinalli as Attuma Mabel Cadena as Namora Michael B. Jordan as N'Jadaka/Erik Killmonger Isaach De Bankolé as River Tribe Elder Dorothy Steel as Merchant Tribe Elder Danny Sapani as M'Kathu Connie Chiume as Zawavari Sope Aluko as Sope Zola Williams as Yama Janeshia Adams-Ginyard as Nomble Irma-Estel Laguerre as Fen María Mercedes Coroy as Young Fen Trevor Noah as Griot (voice) Lake Bell as Doctor Graham Robert John Burke as Smitty Judd Wild as Jackson Amber Harrington as Rita Salazar Michael Blake Kruse as Henderson Travis Love as M'Bele Divine Love Konadu-Sun as T'Challa II Anderson Cooper as Himself Richard Schiff as U.S. State Secretary Jemini Powell as Jemini Zainab Jah as Mining Tribe Elder Kevin Changaris as Pete Josué Maychi as Yucatán Shaman To-be-confirmed actor as West (uncredited) To-be-confirmed actor as Shauver (uncredited) Derrick Goodman Jr. as Jabari Warrior (uncredited) Chadwick Boseman as T'Challa (archive footage; uncredited) Alba Katiuska Mera as Debbie Davidson (deleted scene) Jordan Walker Ross as Steve (deleted scene) To-be-confirmed actor as Agent Clive Reston (deleted scene) Appearances [ ] Locations [ ] Earth Mount Bashenga , Wakanda Shuri's Lab Great Mound (mentioned) North Triangle , Wakanda Golden City , Wakanda Citadel Wakanda Medical Center Bashenga's Courtyard Okoye's Residence Geneva , Switzerland United Nations Geneva Office Ansongo , Mali Wakandan Outreach Center Alexandria , Virginia Everett Ross' House Cambridge , Massachusetts Massachusetts Institute of Technology Riri Williams' Garage Langley , Virginia George Bush Center for Intelligence Cap-Haïtien , Haiti Nakia's House Talokan Talokan Capital City Namor's Cave Yucatán , Mexico Zama Village Mérida (mentioned) Curral Velho , Cape Verde Aneka's Residence , Wakanda Jabari Land , Wakanda Amanzi Kwakhona Umlambo , Wakanda Warrior Falls River Village River Province City of the Dead , Wakanda (illusion) France (mentioned) Belgium (mentioned) Spain (mentioned) Boston , Massachusetts (mentioned) Chicago , Illinois (mentioned) New Asgard , Norway (mentioned) Tehran , Iran (mentioned; deleted scene) Multiverse Ancestral Plane Events [ ] Ambush at the Wakandan Outreach Center Attack on the Harvey Sub-Sea Chase of Riri Williams Talokanil-Wakandan War Escape from Talokan Attack on the Golden City Ambush on the Talokanil Arrest of Everett Ross Incoronation of T'Challa (flashback) Spanish Conquest of Yucatán (flashback) Attack on the Yucatán Spanish Settlement (flashback) Infinity War (mentioned) Battle of Wakanda (mentioned) Snap (mentioned) Blip (mentioned) Erik Killmonger's Campaign (mentioned) Battle of Mount Bashenga (mentioned) Assassination of N'Jobu (mentioned) Bombing of the Vienna International Centre (indirectly mentioned) Items [ ] Vibranium Panther Habit Kimoyo Beads Vibranium Spear Sonic Spear Vibranium Gauntlets Ring Blades Talokanil Spear Vibranium Daggers Dora Milaje Armor Midnight Angel Armor Mark II Ironheart Armor Sonic Rifle Sastun Spear of Bashenga Mark I Ironheart Armor Arc Reactor Namor's Headdress Hydrobomb Talokanil Respirator Heart-Shaped Herb Talokanil Herb Vibranium Detector Hardened Jabari Wood Armor Airpods PUBG Mobile Look Out for the Little Guy! (mentioned) Iron Man Armor (mentioned) Vehicles [ ] Royal Talon Fighter Dragon Flyer Wakandan Maglev Train Scarab Beetle Sunbird Sea Leopard Harvey Sub-Sea Lexus Plymouth Barracuda Sentient Species [ ] Humans Talokanil Mutants Ennead (statues) Demons (mentioned) Creatures [ ] Fish Whales Orcas Elephants Glowworms Jellyfish Black Panthers (statue) Megalodons (jaws)

Hawks (mentioned) Dogs (deleted scene) Horses (deleted scene) Organizations [ ] Wakandan Tribes Golden Tribe Border Tribe Jabari Tribe River Tribe Merchant Tribe Mining Tribe Dora Milaje Wakandan Royal Guard CIA Tribal Council Midnight Angels Wakandan Design Group Talokanil Armed Forces United States Navy SEALs FBI Cambridge Police Department United Nations United States Department of State United States Department of Defense French Armed Forces DEA Conquistadores Ministry for Europe and Foreign Affairs CNN NSA (deleted scene) MI6 (deleted scene) War Dogs (mentioned) Stark Industries (mentioned) Venmo (mentioned) Chicago Bulls (logo) Mentioned [ ] Bast (statue) T'Chaka Bashenga (statue) Lumumba Scott Lang Yaa Iron Man W'Kabi Chaac Ritson Ronnie Williams Hanuman Thanos Gary Kyana N'Jobu Helmut Zemo Hulk Demetrius Williams Bashenga's Wife (statue) Sekhmet (statue) Spymaster (deleted scene) Star Wars Princess Leia Beauty and the Beast Princess Belle Indiana Jones Marion Ravenwood YouTube Fenty Beauty Production [ ] On February 14, 2018, Kevin Feige revealed in an interview that he wanted Ryan Coogler to return to write and direct a sequel to Black Panther .

On March 9, 2018, Kevin Feige revealed that there were plans to make a sequel to Black Panther .

On October 11, 2018, The Hollywood Reporter reported that Ryan Coogler had signed on to return to write and direct the film with production expected to begin in late 2019 or early 2020.

On January 28, 2019, Angela Bassett 's husband Courtney B. Vance stated that the main cast of the first film would return for the sequel, including Michael B. Jordan as Erik Killmonger , with Bassett stating "[We didn't technically see him] go into the ocean, no."

On July 20, 2019, at San Diego Comic-Con 2019, Kevin Feige announced that many projects, including a Black Panther sequel, were in development.

On August 21, 2019, Martin Freeman revealed that the film was expected to begin production in 2021.

Three days later, at D23 Expo 2019, Kevin Feige and Ryan Coogler announced that the working title of the film was Black Panther II and that it would be released on May 6, 2022.

On August 28, 2020, it was announced that Chadwick Boseman , who was set to reprise his role as T'Challa/Black Panther in the film, passed away after a 4 year battle with colon cancer. [10] On November 12, 2020, in an interview with Clarín , Victoria Alonso stated that there are no plans to use a digital double of Chadwick Boseman in the film. She also stated that Marvel Studios was taking a little time to figure out how they would continue the story and how to honor Boseman. [11] On November 20, 2020, The Hollywood Reporter reported that the film would begin production in July 2021 and that Tenoch Huerta was in talks to join the cast of the film. It was also reported that Letitia Wright , Lupita Nyong'o , Winston Duke , and Angela Bassett would be reprising their roles as Shuri , Nakia , M'Baku , and Ramonda , respectively, in the film. [12] On December 10, 2020, during Disney's 2020 Investor Day, Kevin Feige revealed that the role of T’Challa/Black Panther would not be recast and that the film would explore the world of Wakanda as well as the rich and varied characters introduced in the first film. He also announced that the film would be released on July 8, 2022. [13] On April 14, 2021, it was reported that the working title of the film was "Summer Break" . [14] On May 3, 2021, it was revealed that the film had been retitled from Black Panther II to Black Panther: Wakanda Forever . [15] On June 24, 2021, it was reported that the film would shoot some scenes in Worcester, Massachusetts over the next few months. [16] On June 29, 2021, during the Black Widow world premiere fan event, Kevin Feige announced that the film had started production in Atlanta . [17] The next day, Discussing Film reported that Autumn Durald had joined the film as the cinematographer. [18] On July 8, 2021, it was reported that the film would shoot some scenes around and at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge, Massachusetts . [19] On July 12, 2021, in an interview with Rotten Tomatoes , Kevin Feige revealed that Joe Robert Cole had returned to co-write the film's script. [20] On July 21, 2021, Variety reported that Michaela Coel had joined the cast of the film in an undisclosed role. [21] On August 19, 2021, in an interview Comicbook.com , Kevin Feige revealed that Riri Williams/Ironheart would make her Marvel Cinematic Universe debut in the film. [22] On August 25, 2021, Deadline reported that Letitia Wright had suffered minor injuries while filming a stunt for the film. She received care at a local hospital and was released a couple of hours later. [23] On September 7, 2021, Ludwig Göransson revealed that he would be composing the score for the film. [24] On September 19, 2021, Collider reported that Tenoch Huerta had joined the cast of the film in an undisclosed role. [25] On October 18, 2021, it was announced that the film had been pushed back from its initial release date to November 11, 2022. [26] On November 5, 2021, The Hollywood Reporter reported that the production of the film would be shut down temporarily due to the severity of the injury sustained by Letitia Wright back in August. [27] On November 7, 2021, it was reported that Lake Bell had joined the cast of the film in an undisclosed role. [28] Three days later, it was reported that Becky Lynch had joined the cast of the film in an undisclosed role. [29] On November 19, 2021, Deadline reported that the production of the film had officially been shut down temporarily. [30] On January 14, 2022, BBC News reported that Letitia Wright had recovered from her injuries and that the film had resumed production. [31] Four days later, The Hollywood Reporter reported that the production of the film had been delayed because several cast and crew members, including Lupita Nyong'o, had tested positive for COVID-19 . [32] On March 13, 2022, it was reported that Dominique Thorne revealed that she had finished shooting her scenes for the film. [33] On March 24, 2022, it was reported that the film had wrapped production. [34] On July 13, 2022, in an interview, Daniel Kaluuya revealed that he would not be reprising his role as W'Kabi in the film due to scheduling conflicts with the film Nope . [35] On September 28, 2022, it was reported that the film's runtime would be 2 hours and 41 minutes. [36] On October 26, 2022, it was announced that a song titled " Lift Me Up " written by Tems , Ludwig Göransson, Rihanna , and Ryan Coogler would appear on the film's soundtrack and that it was a tribute to the life and legacy of the late Chadwick Boseman. [37] Videos [ ] Trailers [ ] Marvel Studios’ Black Panther- Wakanda Forever - Official Teaser Marvel Studios’ Black Panther- Wakanda Forever - Official Trailer TV Spots [ ] Marvel Studios' Black Panther- Wakanda Forever - One Month Marvel Studios’ Black Panther- Wakanda Forever - Long Live Wakanda Marvel Studios’ Black Panther- Wakanda Forever - Throne Marvel Studios' Black Panther- Wakanda Forever - Time Marvel Studios' Black Panther- Wakanda Forever - Together Marvel Studios' Black Panther- Wakanda Forever - Remember Marvel Studios’ Black Panther- Wakanda Forever - One Week Marvel Studios’ Black Panther- Wakanda Forever - Live Marvel Studios’ Black Panther- Wakanda Forever - In Theaters Tomorrow Night Featurettes [ ] Marvel Studios' Black Panther- Wakanda Forever - Return to Wakanda Marvel Studios’ Black Panther- Wakanda Forever - Namor Other [ ] Marvel Studios’ Black Panther- Wakanda Forever - Red Carpet LIVE Discovering Ironheart with Marvel Studios' Casting Director Sarah Halley Finn Black Panther- Wakanda Forever Composer Ludwig Göransson Abbott Elementary's Quinta Brunson At The Premiere Of Black Panther- Wakanda Forever Angela Bassett On The Emotions Of Returning To Black Panther- Wakanda Forever Tenoch Huerta On Bringing Namor To The MCU in Black Panther- Wakanda Forever Black Panther- Wakanda Forever Producer Nate Moore On Namor Danai Gurira and Letitia Wright On The Strong Black Women In Black Panther- Wakanda Forever Mabel Cadena On Freediving As Namora In Marvel Studios' Black Panther- Wakanda Forever Lupita Nyong'o On Nakia In Marvel Studios' Black Panther- Wakanda Forever Alex Livinalli On The Magnitude Of Marvel Studios' Black Panther- Wakanda Forever Kevin Feige On Expanding the MCU with Phase Four and Black Panther- Wakanda Forever Ruth Carter On The Intricate Costumes In Black Panther- Wakanda Forever Lake Bell Joins The MCU In Black Panther- Wakanda Forever Victoria Alonso and Louis D'Esposito On Introducing Namor in Black Panther- Wakanda Forever Winston Duke On What Black Panther- Wakanda Forever Means To Him Dominique Thorne On Making Her MCU Debut as Ironheart Inside The Dora Milaje In Black Panther- Wakanda Forever with Michaela Coel Sydeon At The Premiere Of Marvel Studios' Black Panther Black Panther Trivia At The Premiere Of Black Panther- Wakanda Forever Presented By Lexus Marvel Studios' Black Panther- Wakanda Forever Fans React Presented by Hasbro Best Red Carpet Moments! - Marvel Studios' Black Panther- Wakanda Forever Music [ ] Black Panther: Wakanda Forever - Original Score Black Panther: Wakanda Forever - Music From and Inspired By Song title Artist Location(s) No Woman, No Cry ( Bob Marley and the Wailers cover) Tems Teaser Trailer. Alright Kendrick Lamar Teaser Trailer. A Body, A Coffin Amaarae Wakanda Forever: Prologue . Soy Santa Fe Klan Wakanda Forever: Prologue . Never Forget Sampa The Great Official Trailer. Born Again Rihanna They Want It, But No Tobe Nwigwe , Fat Nwigwe Shuri , Okoye , and Riri Williams escape from the FBI . Can't Stop Red Hot Chili Peppers Everett Ross jogs listening to the song. Lift Me Up Tems , Ludwig Göransson , Rihanna , and Ryan Coogler Shuri burns her funeral garments on a beach in Haiti . End credits. References [ ] The Marvel Cinematic Universe Wiki has a collection of images and media related to Black Panther: Wakanda Forever . ↑ SDCC 2022: Marvel Studios' 'Black Panther: Wakanda Forever' Teaser Trailer and Poster Released ↑ Hannah Beachler on Twitter - July 26, 2022 ↑ ‘ Black Panther ’: Marvel Studios President Kevin Feige on Casting Chadwick Boseman and Sequel Talk ↑ Marvel Studios chief Kevin Feige on the future of Black Panther , Captain Marvel , X-Men — and beyond ↑ Ryan Coogler Signs On to Write and Direct 'Black Panther' Sequel (Exclusive) ↑ Angela Bassett's Husband Courtney B. Vance Might Have Confirmed a Major 'Black Panther 2' Spoiler (Exclusive) ↑ Marvel Confirms ‘Fantastic Four’ Reboot, “Mutants” In Development ↑ Martin Freeman On Finding Joy, His Love For Breakfast Burritos, And The MCU Timeline ↑ D23 Expo 2019: Marvel Studios Announces 'BLACK PANTHER 2' ↑ Chadwick Boseman on Twitter - August 28, 2020 ↑ ‘Black Panther 2’ Will Not Use Digital Double Of Chadwick Boseman, Says EP ↑ Marvel's 'Black Panther' Sequel Shoot to Begin in July (Exclusive) ↑ ‘Black Panther 2' Will Explore the World of Wakanda ↑ PRODUCTION WEEKLY – ISSUE 1242 ↑ ‘Black Panther: Wakanda Forever’ Arrives in Theaters July 8, 2022 ↑ 'Black Panther 2’ to film scenes in Worcester this summer, sources say ↑ ‘Black Panther: Wakanda Forever’ Production Starts in Atlanta: ‘We’re Going to Make Chad Proud’ (EXCLUSIVE) ↑ Autumn Durald set as Cinematographer on ‘Black Panther: Wakanda Forever’ (EXCLUSIVE) ↑ Exclusive: Black Panther: Wakanda Forever Making Plans To Film At M.I.T. ↑ Kevin Feige on MCU’s Phase 4 – Part 2: Shang-Chi, Eternals, Black Panther: Wakanda Forever & More ↑ ‘Black Panther’ Sequel Casts Michaela Coel (EXCLUSIVE) ↑ Dominique Thorne's Riri Williams to Debut in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever (Exclusive) ↑ Letitia Wright Hospitalized With Minor Injuries After Stunt Rig Incident On ‘Black Panther: Wakanda Forever’ Shoot ↑ ‘Black Panther’ Score Headed to Hollywood Bowl for Live-to-Picture Performance ↑ 'Black Panther 2': Release Date, Cast, Filming Details & Everything We Know So Far About 'Wakanda Forever' ↑ UPDATE: Marvel Studios Upcoming Films Release Dates ↑ ‘Black Panther: Wakanda Forever’ Shutting Down Production As Letitia Wright Recovers From On-Set Injury (Exclusive) ↑ Black Panther: Wakanda Forever adds Lake Bell to its cast ↑ ‘Black Panther: Wakanda Forever’ Set Photo Seems to Indicate Becky Lynch Has Joined the MCU ↑ ‘Black Panther: Wakanda Forever’ Begins Production Hiatus As Letitia Wright Continues To Recover From Her On Set Injuries ↑ Letitia Wright returns to Black Panther II set months after accident ↑ Film/TV Sets Under Strain: Is the COVID-19 Safety Status Quo Good Enough? ↑ Black Panther 2 Ironheart Actress Confirms She's Wrapped On MCU Film ↑ Marvel's Black Panther: Wakanda Forever Wraps Filming ↑ Jacqueline on Twitter - July 13, 2022 ↑ ‘Black Panther: Wakanda Forever’ Joins Pantheon of Long Superhero Pics at Two Hours and 41 Minutes ↑ Rihanna Returns to Music With ‘Black Panther: Wakanda Forever’ Original Song External Links [ ] Black Panther: Wakanda Forever on Wikipedia Black Panther: Wakanda Forever on IMDb Black Panther: Wakanda Forever on Facebook Black Panther: Wakanda Forever on 𝕏 Black Panther: Wakanda Forever on Instagram Black Panther: Wakanda Forever on Disney+ The Multiverse Saga Phase Four Films Black Widow • Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings • Eternals • Spider-Man: No Way Home • Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness • Thor: Love and Thunder • Black Panther: Wakanda Forever TV Series WandaVision ( Season One ) • The Falcon and The Winter Soldier ( Season One ) • Loki ( Season One ) • What If...? ( Season One ) • Hawkeye ( Season One ) • Moon Knight ( Season One ) • Ms. Marvel ( Season One ) • I Am Groot ( Season One ) • She-Hulk: Attorney at Law ( Season One ) Specials Werewolf by Night • The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special Phase Five Films Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania • Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 • The Marvels • Deadpool & Wolverine • Captain America: Brave New World • Thunderbolts TV Series Secret Invasion ( Season One ) • I Am Groot ( Season Two ) • Loki ( Season Two ) • What If...? ( Season Two ) • Echo ( Season One ) • Agatha: Darkhold Diaries ( Season One ) • Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man ( Season One ) • Eyes of Wakanda ( Season One ) • Daredevil: Born Again ( Season One ) • Ironheart ( Season One ) • Marvel Zombies ( Season One ) Phase Six Films The Fantastic Four • Blade • Avengers: The Kang Dynasty • Avengers: Secret Wars TV Series Unknown Phase Films Armor Wars TV Series What If...? ( Season Three ) • Wonder Man ( Season One ) • Vision Quest ( Season One )