For other uses, see Echo (disambiguation) For the episode named after Echo, see Maya Echo Real Name Maya Lopez Alias(es) Codenames Echo

Nicknames Little Dragon

King Killer

Species Human Citizenship American Gender Female Date of Birth 1999 – 2000

Affiliation Choctaw Brooklyn Karate Academy (formerly) Tracksuit Mafia (formerly) Status Alive Appearances TV Series Hawkeye (5 episodes) Ms. Marvel (picture) Echo (5 episodes) Actors/Actresses Portrayed by Alaqua Cox Darnell Besaw (young) " They 're in my blood, in my heart. I'm a part of them, and they're a part of me. I'm their legacy. Not yours." ―Echo to Kingpin [src] Maya Lopez is a deaf member of the Choctaw tribe who moved out of her hometown as a child with her father William Lopez , and became the protegée of Wilson Fisk , growing up under his care. Losing her father due to Ronin 's hunt for criminals, Lopez became the Tracksuit Mafia 's commander, vowing revenge on Ronin. Lopez worked for Fisk alongside Kazi Kazimierczak . However, Lopez learned that Ronin had seemingly returned, she fell into conflict with Kate Bishop and Clint Barton , who were searching for Ronin's Suit , with Lopez believed that they could be her chance to find Ronin; however, Barton revealed himself to be Ronin. Lopez learned from Barton that Fisk had orchestrated the death of her father. As a result, Lopez turned her back on the Tracksuit Mafia and began her revenge. In retaliation, Lopez stabbed Kazimierczak, whom she deduced was aware of and complicit in the attack, in the stomach and shot Fisk in the eye, believing the latter to be deceased. Five months later , Lopez fled to her hometown of Tamaha after being hunted out of New York. Intending to succeed Fisk as a crime-lord, she intentionally rigged a shipment sent to Fisk Shipping Yard to explode, crippling their operation by destroying their armory. This resulted in several members of the Black Knife Cartel tracking her location and attacking the community she cared about. At the same time, Fisk traveled to Tamaha in order to make peace with Lopez and invite her back into his operation. During their confrontation, Lopez awoke to her powers and attempted to heal the pain within Fisk; however, Fisk fled their encounter in his heightened emotional state. Contents 1 Biography 1.1 Early Life 1.1.1 A Happy Childhood 1.1.2 Tragedy 1.1.3 Attending Regular School 1.1.4 Encouraged by Her Father 1.1.5 Exposure to Violence 1.2 Hunting Ronin 1.2.1 Losing Her Father 1.2.2 Working for Kingpin 1.2.3 Leading the Tracksuit Mafia 1.2.4 Capturing Hawkeye and Kate Bishop 1.2.5 Car Chase 1.2.6 Warned by Kazi Kazimierczak 1.2.7 Intruder in Her Apartment 1.2.8 Conversation with Kazi Kazimierczak 1.2.9 Showdown with Ronin 1.2.10 Suspecting Kazi Kazimierczak 1.3 Defection 1.3.1 Meeting with Kingpin 1.3.2 Duel Against Kazi Kazimierczak 1.3.3 Confronting Wilson Fisk 1.4 Return to Her Roots 1.4.1 Keeping A Low Profile 1.4.2 Starting A War 1.4.3 Kidnapping Attempt 1.4.4 Reunited with Wilson Fisk 1.4.5 Confronting Chula 1.4.6 Making A Choice 1.4.7 Embracing Her Powers 1.4.8 Return to Family 2 Personality 3 Powers and Abilities 3.1 Powers 3.2 Abilities 4 Equipment 4.1 Weapons 4.2 Other Equipment 4.3 Vehicles 5 Facilities 6 Relationships 6.1 Family 6.2 Allies 6.3 Enemies 7 Appearances 8 Trivia 9 Behind the Scenes 10 References 11 External Links Biography [ ] Early Life [ ] A Happy Childhood [ ] "I didn't mean to hurt it. I just wanted to see if I could hit it. I'm sorry." "You can't do this. We don't harm living things." ―Maya Lopez and Taloa [src] Lopez watching her mother use her powers Maya Lopez was born to Taloa and William Lopez and grew up in Tamaha , Oklahoma , where she was surrounded by a close family. Just like her mother, Lopez was also deaf, but all of her family all knew sign language and were able to communicate with her.

When Lopez injured a Woodpecker with a slingshot, she went to her mother for help. Taloa told her daughter that they don't hurt living things, and explained the history of the Biskinik before healing the bird with her powers and later setting it free, with the promise that she would see it again.

Tragedy [ ] Lopez surviving the car crash "It's my fault that she 's hurt. I made her take me to the store." "Maya... No." "Is she gonna be okay?" ―Maya Lopez and William Lopez [src] In 2007 , Lopez had a sleepover with her cousin Bonnie , who told her about the first Choctaw people using shadow puppets while in a tent. When in began raining, they went inside and asked for hot chocolate, but Taloa told them they were out. Taloa decided to drive and get some, asking Lopez to come with her. However, as they were driving, they were involved in a car crash which instantly killed Lopez's mother and resulted in her losing her right leg. Lopez being forced to leave Oklahoma Lopez was taken to a hospital, where she was joined by her father . Lopez told him that she missed her mother and wanted her to know that it was her fault that she was hurt, but her father assured her that she was not to blame. Lopez then asked if her mother was alright, but her William regrettably informed her that Taloa died. Once released from the hospital, Lopez and her father immediately packed up and left Oklahoma and headed for New York City , with the only explanation given was from her father that Chula Battiest had disowned them and destroyed their family.

Attending Regular School [ ] Lopez attending school in New York City "Pay attent..." ―Teacher to Maya Lopez [src] Now living in New York with her father , Lopez attended a regular school. Although she was struggling, she was able to interpret a majority of the words that her teacher was saying by reading her lips. Noticing that Lopez was writing in her book and not looking up to her, Lopez's teacher approached Lopez and reminded her to pay attention, before realizing that Lopez had already completed the page in her book that she was explaining.

Encouraged by Her Father [ ] Lopez speaks with her father "You have to learn to jump between two worlds." "How?" "Just by watching." ― William Lopez and Maya Lopez [src] Before bed, Lopez sat in bed with her father . As the two conversed, Maya asked her father why she was not going to a specialized school for Deaf people. William apologized that he would not be able to afford the special schooling. He encouraged his daughter that, in the end, she would be better off for this, as she will have to learn how to integrate herself in a society that does not accommodate for her disability.

Exposure to Violence [ ] Lopez during her karate match "Hey, be good in class today. But remember, for your match, it's more about speed than size." ― William Lopez to Maya Lopez [src] Lopez attended the Brooklyn Karate Academy from a young age. During practice matches, she watched Kazi Kazimierczak fall to a child much larger than him. Her father reminded her during a water break before her match against the large child that her speed can be more beneficial than her opponent's size. During her match, she swiftly blocked her opponent's attack and pushed him to the ground, earning her victory.

Lopez being collected by Wilson Fisk Following the class, Lopez was joined by Kazimierczak, who she informed about her deafness and taught him some sign language, and the two became friends.

Lopez's father informed her that he would not be able to take her home, and that Wilson Fisk would be looking after her instead, which Lopez accepted. When Fisk approached her, she smiled as he playfully pinched her cheek.

Lopez and Fisk then took a seat, where her "Uncle" signed that while her father worked, they would get ice cream, to which Lopez thanked him for.

Lopez witnesses Wilson Fisk 's brutality In 2008 , Lopez wanted to buy some ice cream after school, but due to her being deaf, the vendor didn't know what she was saying and got frustrated at her. Lopez got in the car with Wilson Fisk , but he told her that he needed to do something, and he exited. Lopez witnessed Fisk drag the vendor into the alleyway, so she got out of the car and followed. Lopez discovered a bloody Fisk standing over the vendor, who had been brutally beaten. Fisk tried to calm Lopez, but instead she kicked the vendor. Fisk then took Lopez's hand and they went back to the car.

Hunting Ronin [ ] Losing Her Father [ ] Lopez winning her sparring match "Please, just go." "I won't leave you." "I'm already gone. Fly away from here... little dragon." ― William Lopez and Maya Lopez [src] As a young adult, Lopez remained dedicated to her training in martial arts, and became a formidable fighter, despite her disability. In 2018 , Lopez survived the Snap . One day, she had a MMA sparring match and defeated her opponent. Lopez holding onto her father as he dies That night, she returned to Fat Man Auto Repair and witnessed Ronin 's massacre of the Mafia. She arrived just in time to witness Ronin driving his sword through her father . She rushed to his aid, but it was too late for her to help. Her father begged her to leave and escape to safety, which she hesitated to do, embracing her dying father in her arms before running away.

Lopez mourning the loss of her father While at her father's grave, Lopez received a a text from Bonnie , offering her support, but Lopez ignored the message and walked off. This grief inside Lopez transformed into rage, resulting in Lopez to act carelessly, including one incident where she broke into a motorsports shop. When the police arrived, she directed a motorcycle to crash into one of their cars. Lopez was then arrested, but not for long, as Wilson Fisk arrived and used his influence to have her be released from police custody.

Working for Kingpin [ ] Lopez is given a job offer from Wilson Fisk "What you lacked was a place and a purpose. You have that now with me. We're family, no matter what." ― Wilson Fisk to Maya Lopez [src] As they drove away, Wilson Fisk , using an interpreter, told Lopez that he was concerned for her and that he understood her rage. Lopez questioned this, so he revealed that his own father was killed when he was young and that he had never felt pain like it since. Fisk offered to redirect Lopez's rage into something constructive by giving her a job working for him. Lopez pinning the guard against the wall Lopez accepted the offer, and her first assignment was to accompany two of his subordinates as they went to eliminate a rival gang. Lopez met up with Davy and Edgar , who were waiting for her, and they went up to the security guard who was told to let them enter. Before entering, the guard patted down Davy and Edgar, but when he got to Lopez, he took advantage and began groping her butt, so Lopez hit him and pinned him against the wall. The three then proceeded into the next room. Lopez kills for the first time Edgar explained what their plan was to Lopez, but she didn't understand, so he used simple hand gestures to tell her that they were going to shoot people. They then proceeded to where the rival gang were, and Lopez nervously watched as Davy and Edgar fought them. When one of the gang members tried to escape, her ran into Lopez, who was blocking the doorway, and landed on top of her. Lopez managed to collect herself and break the man's neck. Lopez then joined the fight, and with relative ease managed to defeat the remaining gang members. Lopez furiously fighting against Daredevil Davy complimented Lopez on her skill, but at that moment he was attacked by Daredevil , who proceeded to knock out Edgar. Lopez was stunned by the vigilante's sudden arrival, and was knocked out of the room when he kicked her. The two then engaged in a fight, which was fairly matched, but Daredevil repeatedly managed to get the upper-hand on Lopez. At one point, Daredevil went for Lopez's leg, but had no effect, due to it being the prosthetic one, which she used to hit him in the head. Lopez being disarmed by Daredevil Despite her fighting ability, Lopez still wasn't a match for Daredevil, who kicked her down once again, only to be assisted when Edgar tackled Daredevil, telling Lopez to escape. Instead, Lopez rushed to where the guns were stored and grabbed a shotgun, but when she turned around, Daredevil was there and disarmed her. Lopez attempted to grab another gun but continued to be disarmed. The fight was ended when Daredevil dropped a shelving unit on top of Lopez, who managed to get free but discovered that Daredevil had left. Lopez continues her training with Kingpin Lopez returned to Fisk to report how the job went. She informed him about her encounter with Daredevil, and Fisk noted that none of his men could hold their own against the vigilante the same way as she did. Fisk asked how Lopez felt about the exercise, and she responded positively. Fisk stated that it was because she needed a purpose, which she now had thanks to him. Fisk continued to teach and groom Lopez, turning her into a more confident killer, all while promising to track down Ronin so Lopez could avenge her father.

Leading the Tracksuit Mafia [ ] Lopez being told that her tutelage is over "You're ready." "For what?" "To move from the theoretical to the practical. You an I... we are the only ones we can trust." ― Wilson Fisk and Maya Lopez [src] In 2021 , during one of their Sunday dinners, Wilson Fisk told Lopez that her tutelage under him was at an end and that she was ready to climb the ranks. Fisk declared that her final lesson was to understand that the only people they could trust was each other. After toasting, Lopez witnessed as the interpreter was dismissed and killed in the hallway as Fisk continued to eat with no reaction. Lopez obsessively hunting for the Ronin Lopez then became one of Fisk's most trusted subordinates and murdered many people on his behalf in her new position as commander of the Tracksuit Mafia . Lopez would manage Fisk's operations in New York City with Kazi Kazimierczak as her second-in-command.

Although Fisk had assured Lopez he would find Ronin , the rage that was inside her was too strong to set aside, so Lopez independently hunted down her father 's killer, only to be unsuccessful for years.

In December 2024 , Lopez learned about a watch recovered from the Avengers Compound being sold at a black market auction, so she tasked the Tracksuit Mafia with robbing the event, in which they successfully acquired the item, while also witnessing the return of Ronin .

Capturing Hawkeye and Kate Bishop [ ] Lopez is updated on the current situation " We have them both. We have them..." ― Ivan Banionis to Maya Lopez [src] Once Clint Barton allowed himself to be brought in by the Mafia and Kate Bishop discovered their base, Lopez was informed by Ivan Banionis that they had both Barton and Bishop in custody.

Lopez meets Clint Barton and Kate Bishop The next day, she approached them, accompanied by Kazi Kazimierczak . She called out Barton's reliance on technology with needing a hearing aid, suggesting that he might be better off without it. Kazimierczak served as a translator for them as Barton didn't understand sign language. Lopez interrogates Clint Barton Once Barton explained that Bishop was not Ronin , Lopez was unconvinced, stating that Ronin may still be out there. Barton told her that Ronin was killed by Black Widow , although she remained in disbelief. As Bishop attempted to explain her innocence, Lopez, remembering her father's death, approached and attacked her, choking her. Kazimierczak pulled Lopez off Bishop and tried to calm her down. Lopez is pinned against the wall by arrows During this interaction, Barton freed himself from their capture. After Barton successfully evaded most of the Mafia, he was met by Lopez, who knocked him to the ground and destroyed his hearing aid. Barton reclaimed his bow and quiver, allowing him to restrain Lopez by shooting two arrows next to her head. Barton and Bishop fought off Kazimierczak and the rest of the Mafia, and were able to escape from the building.

Car Chase [ ] Lopez and Tomas witness the explosion " Tomas , go with Maya!" ― Kazi Kazimierczak to Tomas [src] As Clint Barton hotwired a car from the store parking lot, Lopez and the Tracksuit Mafia divided themselves amongst several vehicles in order to pursue him and Kate Bishop . Lopez took the Dodge Challenger, accompanied by Tomas , and began tailing the archers. Lopez furiously pursues their targets Bishop used one of Barton's explosive arrows to blow up the truck in front of Lopez, and Lopez and Tomas drove past the decimated truck, shocked by the damage. Lopez drove up to Barton and Bishop's car, ramming their bumper, while Bishop shot a suction arrow at the Challenger's windshield, doing nothing. Lopez continued the pursuit as Tomas tried to shoot at their targets, but they lost them while they took a sudden turn into Rosie's Christmas Trees . Lopez is surprised by her targets Lopez and Tomas caught up to Barton and Bishop on the Manhattan Bridge . Lopez pulled up to their side, allowing Tomas to pull his gun on Barton, although Barton managed to fight him off. Bishop took the opportunity to grab her bow that Lopez had left in the backseat of the Challenger, and used it to shoot a smokescreen arrow into their car. Blinded by the smokescreen, Lopez lost control of the vehicle and crashed it into the side of the bridge, totaling the vehicle. Lopez trying to shoot at Barton and Bishop Lopez's allies caught up to them on the bridge, but their vehicles were wrecked by the archers' arrows as well. The group continued on foot, shooting at Barton as he ran to retrieve the suction arrow from the Challenger's windshield. Bishop threatened to shoot a dangerous trick arrow at the Mafia, causing Lopez to halt her crew's fire. The trick arrow turned out to be just a USB arrow, not doing any significant damage when Bishop shot it at Ivan Banionis . However, Barton and Bishop had used the opportunity to jump off the bridge onto the train underneath using a grappling arrow. Lopez and the others realized they had lost their targets, and returned to their base.

Warned by Kazi Kazimierczak [ ] Lopez interrupts Kazi Kazimierczak "Remind me. Who's in charge?" "You are." "Right. Look into Clint Barton ." ―Maya Lopez and Kazi Kazimierczak [src] Lopez and the Tracksuit Mafia began clearing out their hideout , deciding they had to abandon it as its location was now known to Clint Barton and Kate Bishop . As Lopez was about to take her bag outside, Kazi Kazimierczak stopped her, requesting a conversation. He told Lopez that he believed things were getting out of hand, referring to the explosion of the truck, warning her that it was becoming increasingly dangerous to continue to chase Ronin. He also warned her that Wilson Fisk would not be happy if he were to find out about their activities. Lopez reminded Kazimierczak that she was the one in charge there, and ordered him to look further into Barton.

Lopez and Kazimierczak began investigating Barton, managing to learn details about his personal life, including the names of his wife , daughter , and two sons , which she wrote down on a notepad.

Intruder in Her Apartment [ ] Lopez confronts Kate Bishop "That light's an alarm. It's a silent alarm for people that can't hear." "Oh, my God." "It's Maya's apartment ." ― Clint Barton and Kate Bishop . [src] Lopez was alerted by a silent alarm that there was an intruder in her apartment , Kate Bishop , who had broke into her apartment in search of the Rolex from the Avengers Compound . Lopez fought her intruder until she escaped to a the top of a nearby building using a zipline set up by Clint Barton . Lopez is electrocuted by Yelena Belova Lopez followed Bishop to the rooftop, where Barton was engaged in a separate fight with Yelena Belova . Dropping off the zipline, she kicked Belova's gun out of her hand, and proceeded in a three-way fight against the Black Widow assassin and the archers. Belova knocked Lopez down with two taser disks , temporarily electrocuting her until she managed to rip them off. Lopez is shot by Kate Bishop After Bishop was knocked off the roof by Belova, Lopez tried to fight Barton at the same time as Belova. Bishop, who had climbed back up to the top of the building, knocked both of Barton's assailants away with a shockwave arrow. Lopez then sent Bishop flying with a kick, but Bishop stood up and shot an arrow straight into Lopez's shoulder. Wincing in pain, Lopez ripped the arrow out of her body and fled from the battle.

Conversation with Kazi Kazimierczak [ ] Lopez is advised by Kazi Kazimierczak "Your hunt... Must stop." "Now? When I'm so close." "I'll help you capture Ronin . But... as soon as we kill him... enough." ― Kazi Kazimierczak and Maya Lopez [src] Lopez returned home, where she had her wounds tended to by Kazi Kazimierczak , to whom she disclosed the presence of the assassin and shows her worries of having stumbled upon something bigger than herself. However, she was not discouraged, and insisted on her crusade against the Ronin , given that they were so close to getting him. Kazimierczak promised her he would aid in his capture, but under the condition that once they kill him, she had to move on.

Showdown with Ronin [ ] Lopez arming herself at Fat Man Used Cars "You're boss wanted your father dead. Now he's using you." ― Clint Barton to Maya Lopez [src] The Tracksuit Mafia later received a message from Ronin telling Lopez to show up alone to the site of her father 's murder to meet him. She disobeyed the directions, keeping several of her allies nearby with weapons, including Kazi Kazimierczak with a sniper rifle. Lopez furiously fighting against the Ronin Her extra protection proved futile, as Ronin managed to take out all of the Tracksuits with ease before approaching Lopez. She faced her father's killer in a fierce duel, disarming him and using his sword against him briefly. However, she was overpowered by the assassin, who knocked her down and pulled down his mask to reveal his true identity: Clint Barton . Lopez being held at swordpoint by Ronin Barton threatened that he would kill Lopez if she did not stay away from him and his family. To her anger, Barton claimed that the two of them were the same, weapons that could be manipulated. Lopez learned from Barton that he was tipped off by an informant sent by Kingpin , who wanted her father out of the picture. In a fit of rage, Lopez caught Barton off guard, knocking him down and was about to execute him with his own sword until Kate Bishop arrived and disarmed Lopez with an arrow. Barton used this opportunity to escape, so Lopez got on her motorcycle and rode off.

Suspecting Kazi Kazimierczak [ ] Lopez is hugged by Kazi Kazimierczak "You were in town. You were his number two. Why didn't you go to the meeting the night my father was murdered ?" ―Maya Lopez to Kazi Kazimierczak [src] Following the fight against Clint Barton , Lopez had then met with Kazi Kazimierczak , who hugged her, relieved she survived the encounter. Lopez informed Kazimierczak that Ronin escaped. Lopez is suspicious of Kazi Kazimierczak Considering Barton's comment about an informant, Lopez inquired Kazimierczak about his absence during Ronin's massacre of the Tracksuit Mafia despite being in town at the time, to which Kazimierczak simply claimed he did not receive a call about it. Unsatisfied with the vague response, Lopez left on her motorcycle.

Defection [ ] Meeting with Kingpin [ ] Lopez having her meeting with Wilson Fisk "Do you want to tell me what's been going on? I always taught you to keep a low profile." "I'm sorry. I got carried away. You know what my father meant to me." ― Wilson Fisk and Maya Lopez [src] Following her duel with Ronin , Lopez went to meet with Wilson Fisk who was accompanied by Kazi Kazimierczak . Fisk asked Lopez what had been going on, and Lopez apologized for getting carried away trying to avenge the death of her father . Lopez explained that she had realized that she needed to move on and focus on her job, as killing her father's killer would not bring him back. Lopez trying to walk away from Wilson Fisk Fisk assured Lopez that her father would want what was best for her. Lopez requested from Fisk a few days off to clear her head, which he agreed to. As Lopez began to walk away, Fisk grabbed her shoulder to tell her that he loved her, which she says back before leaving. At home , Lopez began packing some of her things. She picked up a picture of her, her father, and Kazimierczak together smiling and looked at it, reminded of the betrayal she felt from her friend. Deciding to seek revenge, Lopez's painted a white handprint on the side of her face, resembling the bloody handprint her father left on her the day he died, and she headed to Rockefeller Center . [10] Duel Against Kazi Kazimierczak [ ] Lopez at the Rockefeller Center "I don't want to kill you. I want to leave this all behind. Together." "Don't you understand? This is my life, Maya. My life! It was never supposed to be yours!" ―Maya Lopez and Kazi Kazimierczak [src] Lopez drove her motorcycle to the Rockefeller Center , where a battle was going on between the Tracksuit Mafia and Clint Barton and Kate Bishop . As Kazi Kazimierczak was trying to shoot Barton, Lopez arrived and attacked her former friend. Lopez fighting Kazi Kazimierczak Kazimierczak told Lopez that she should have left, and the two began to fight. Lopez was able to overpower Kazimierczak, but pleaded with him to reconsider and leave the Tracksuit Mafia behind with her. Kazimierczak declined, saying that it was too late and that Kingpin would never let him leave. Lopez has a moment with Kazimierczak As Lopez continued to beg, Kazimierczak pulled one of Barton and Bishop's arrows out of the corpse of one of the Tracksuits and began to attack Lopez with it. Lopez managed to turn the arrow on Kazimierczak, impaling his stomach with it. Lopez held Kazimierczak briefly as she lowered his body to the ground. As she watched her friend struggle to breathe, Kazimierczak told Lopez to leave before Fisk came for her. [10] Lopez looks at Clint Barton As the police and other emergency services convened, Lopez decided to leave the premises. Noticing Barton looking at her, she watched as Barton told her he was sorry in ASL. Nodding her head at him, she donned her helmet and left the vicinity on her motorcycle. [11] Confronting Wilson Fisk [ ] Lopez confronts Wilson Fisk "Maya. You and I... We're family. Family. Sometimes family doesn't see eye to eye..." ― Wilson Fisk to Maya Lopez [src] Lopez located one of the Trust a Bro Moving Company vans and commandeered it. She eventually located a wounded Wilson Fisk coming out of an alley, who had been injured from his fight with Kate Bishop . Lopez pulled her gun on Fisk as he tried to appeal to her, claiming that they were family and that family did not always see eye to eye. In response, Lopez shot him [10] in the face and fled the scene, believing she had killed Fisk. Lopez's actions were discovered by those associated with Fisk, who referred to her as the "King Killer," and she was forced to go on the run as they were now trying to kill her.

Return to Her Roots [ ] Keeping A Low Profile [ ] Lopez returns to her home in Oklahoma "I won't bring a war here. To the people I love and who love you. Why are you doing this?" " Kingpin had his run. It's time for a queen." ― Henry Lopez and Maya Lopez [src] Five months later, Lopez was still on the run for killing Kingpin , and she decided to return to her home in Oklahoma where she could lay low for a little bit and recover. The next day, she was discovered by her cousin Biscuits , who she told that she was only staying for briefly and that no one else could know about her presence. Lopez comes to Henry Lopez for help Lopez then left the house, briefly seeing Bonnie from a distance, before arriving at Black Crow's SkateLife where she was reunited with Henry Lopez , who was able to get her gunshot wound taken care of. The two then climbed to the top of a water tower, where Henry mentioned that Bonnie would be upset if she found out about Lopez being home and not seeing her. Lopez changed the subject to Fisk Shipping ; requesting one train car to send a message. Henry told her that he didn't want a war brought to their home, but Lopez explained that now that Kingpin's rule was over, it was her turn.

Starting A War [ ] Lopez puts her tracker on Biscuits ' phone "They'll know this was you. You can't take on Fisk 's army alone." "They can't do much with their armory melted." ― Henry Lopez and Maya Lopez [src] Still determined to send her message to Kingpin's men, Lopez enlisted the help of Biscuits to get her some equipment. When he returned, Lopez had Biscuits drive her the bridge over the train tracks, and after uploading her tracker to his phone and telling him to follow her, she jumped off, landing on the passing train. Lopez discovering that she has powers Lopez made her way down the train cars, stealthily avoiding being spotted by the guards, and making her way underneath the train. Inspecting that the train car was empty, Lopez got inside and planted an explosive inside of a chest. Lopez then made her way out and began running to the end of the train. But she got her prosthetic leg stuck in one of the couplers, and couldn't free herself. Suddenly, Lopez experienced flashes of several people and then possessed inhuman strength, which freed her leg. Lopez examined her hands, which briefly glowed orange. Lopez learning about Chafa from Skully Lopez headed to the end of the train, and Biscuits soon arrived, but the noticed that the train was nearing a tunnel. Lopez quickly climbed to the top of the train and jumped off, landing on the truck and the drove away. Lopez visited Skully to see if he could fix her leg. As he made her a temporary leg, Lopez texted with Henry Lopez about the explosion at Fisk Shipping Yard . Skully gave Lopez the leg and taught her about Chafa , the first Choctaw , which Lopez's roots were tied to. Lopez defends her actions to Henry Lopez Back at her home, Lopez spoke with Henry about her actions, with Henry reiterating that he didn't want a war brought to his home, but Lopez insisting that the war had already begun. Despite Henry's words, Lopez remained fixated on going forward with her plan, which made Henry compare her to sounding like Kingpin . Lopez once again asked whether Henry was on her side or not, but he didn't answer, instead just telling her to lay low. Henry then left, and Lopez received a text from Bonnie , who had found out she was in town. [12] Kidnapping Attempt [ ] Lopez tied up inside Black Crow's SkateLife "What the hell just happened?" "Which part? The part where we were kidnapped by the guy who cleans my skates? Or the part where we almost die because there's a price on your head?" ―Maya Lopez and Henry Lopez [src] While Lopez was taking a walk, she again experienced the visions of other people, which made her drop her guard as she was knocked out. Lopez woke up inside Black Crow's SkateLife tied upside-down, but managed to get herself down, although her foot did come off her prosthetic leg. Lopez saw Henry Lopez also captured, but she was found by Vickie Tyson , Grace Tyson and Brigitte , who tied her up again in a back room. Lopez's absence is called out by Bonnie Eventually, Bonnie was also captured and brought into the room with Lopez. Lopez grabbed her foot and used the hidden blade to free herself and then Bonnie. As Lopez tried to look for a way out, Bonnie tried to talk with her, but Lopez sharply stated that she didn't want to disrupt Bonnie's life, which was why she didn't see her earlier. Bonnie then confronted Lopez on her ignoring all of her attempts to reach out. The kidnappers returned, but when Lopez revealed she was no longer tied up and attacked them, they retreated with Bonnie, locking the Lopez in the room. Lopez fights against the Black Knife Cartel Lopez used several roller skate pieces in the room to construct a makeshift gun, which she used to lure Brigitte into the room and knock her out. Discovering that the Black Knife Cartel had arrived, Lopez changed the lights and blasted music in the rink, and watched as they all moved to the laser tag room. Lopez proceeded to knock out members of the cartel one by one while remaining hidden until she tackled one through a wall, crashing into the roller rink. Lopez, with expert precision, eliminated the surrounding enemies with a gun until she ran out of bullets, and then continued fighting hand-to-hand. Lopez and Henry Lopez are almost killed Although Lopez was able to defeat all her enemies, Henry and Bonnie were held at gunpoint, so Lopez was forced to surrender. Now on her knees next to Henry, Zane was about to have them both killed, but after answering his phone the entire cartel abruptly left, letting them live. Afterwards, Lopez told Bonnie to leave, and Lopez talked with Henry about the situation, concluding that Kingpin must be alive. Later, Lopez was visited by Skully , who brought her repaired prosthetic leg, as well as a cover representing the Choctaw people, and they discussed Chula Battiest . [13] Reunited with Wilson Fisk [ ] Lopez is shocked to see Wilson Fisk alive "Why are you here?" "I have a proposition. You want an empire? You'll have it. You can have everything. All you have to do is come home with me." ―Maya Lopez and Wilson Fisk [src] When Lopez returned home that night, she was stunned to find Wilson Fisk alive and waiting for her, now with an eye patch. [13] Lopez attempted to keep her distance from Fisk, but she was surrounded by his men who held her still as Fisk forcefully placed a contact lens in her eye. Lopez then saw virtual arms appear in front of Fisk, translating everything he said, and he explained that he commissioned the technology to allow them to freely converse. Lopez is offered Wilson Fisk 's entire empire Lopez questioned how Fisk was still alive and what he was doing in Tamaha , so he answered that he wanted to have one of their Sunday family dinners. Lopez allowed Fisk to come inside, and as he revealed his damaged eye, Fisk stated that he wasn't angry at Lopez for shooting him, as he trained her to do what she thought was right. Fisk believed that a part of Lopez was happy to see him alive, but she denied it. Fisk voiced his disappointment in how quick Lopez assumed the worst of him and acted in violence, but Lopez replied that violence was their language. Fisk gave his proposition to Lopez, in which he would give his entire empire to her, so long as she returned to New York City with him. Fisk told her to think on it before leaving. Lopez informs Henry Lopez about the offer The next day, Lopez met up with Henry Lopez to inform him on what happened with Fisk, telling him about how he offered her "queenpin," which Lopez wanted. Henry was against the idea and told Lopez about how he once tried to get out of the criminal life but was threatened by Fisk and forced to keep working for him. Henry explained that he didn't want Lopez to become like him, but Lopez brought up how she was abandoned by her whole family, so Henry apologized, saying that at the time he was scared and confused.

Confronting Chula [ ] Lopez is forced to visit Chula Battiest "All I ever heard growing up from my dad was how you destroyed this family. How you wanted nothing to do with us." "I couldn't bear to be around you. You 're so much alike. And I think generations are echoing... reaching out to us. At a time when we need them the most." ―Maya Lopez and Chula Battiest [src] Afterwards, Lopez once more experienced visions, but this time it had a stronger effect on her, and she blacked out. When she woke up, Lopez discovered that Henry Lopez had driven her to see Chula Battiest , believing that she could help. Begrudgingly, Lopez followed Battiest inside and told her about what was happening to her since she returned to Tamaha . Lopez opens up about being abandoned Lopez was confused to see that Battiest knew what Lopez was referring to. Battiest explained she saw the same imagery when she gave birth to Lopez's mother and how she was born with healing powers. Battiest then brought up when Taloa died and how it devastated her, but Lopez interjected about how she was disowned by her. Battiest then spoke about how she suspected that previous generations were echoing to them in times of need, but Lopez was still upset at Battiest, so she stormed off and left with Henry.

Making A Choice [ ] Lopez holding Wilson Fisk at gunpoint again "You isolated me. Told me you were the only one I could trust. But it was all a lie. Even these contacts , you got them because you didn't care enough to learn to sign." ―Maya Lopez to Wilson Fisk [src] That night Lopez headed to the Choctaw Casino with the intent to kill Wilson Fisk . With no resistance, Lopez made her way into Fisk's room where he was waiting for her. As Lopez held a gun to Fisk, he began talking about how he had always loved her like a daughter, but she in response called him a monster. Lopez learns how Wilson Fisk 's father died This made Fisk recall how Lopez was fully aware of her own actions when killing for him. Lopez called out Fisk for isolating her and making her think he was the only one she could trust, when in fact he didn't even care enough to learn ASL. This made Fisk angry, but he acknowledged that he failed Lopez, and he revealed a hammer to Lopez, explaining that he used it to kill his own father for abusing his mother . Lopez was shocked to discover that Fisk killed his own father. Lopez decides against killing Wilson Fisk Now getting emotional, Fisk then offered Lopez the hammer to kill him and free them both. Lopez considered it for a moment, but chose not to go through with it. Claiming that they have come full circle, Fisk then once again asked Lopez to return to New York City with him. The next morning, Lopez contemplated on what she should do, so she thought about her relationship with Fisk, the violence she's committed, and her true family, leading to her deciding to leave Tamaha , but not join Fisk.

Embracing Her Powers [ ] Lopez sees her mother in front of her "You aren't alone. All of us that came before are a part of you. Because we echo through you. Echo." ― Taloa to Maya Lopez [src] Lopez was informed that Chula Battiest and Bonnie had gone missing, so Lopez rushed back to Tamaha , knowing that Kingpin was responsible. When Lopez entered Battiest's house , she saw her mother standing in front of her. Lopez is told about her ancestors' powers Taloa used her powers to take them to the memory of the car crash that killed her, where she told Lopez that she wasn't alone, as her ancestors echoed through her. Returning to the house, Taloa told her daughter to let go of the pain, but Lopez wasn't sure if she could. Taloa assured her that her ancestors would help her, informing her that she came from a long line of special women that protect their people , starting with Chafa , and now it was Lopez's turn. Taloa comforted her daughter, telling her that to stay and fight using her gifts, presenting her with a suit that represented their people. Echo telling Kingpin she is not his legacy Now donning her new suit, Echo attended the Choctaw Nation Powwow , taking part in the ceremony. She soon split off and went into an empty building where she found Kingpin and his men holding Battiest and Bonnie hostage. Now surrounded, Echo's gun was taken from her and she and Kingpin talked, claiming the other betrayed them. Echo told Kingpin to let her family go, declaring that she was their legacy and not his. Kingpin then threatened to kill Echo's entire family, bringing up how he had her father killed . Echo channeling her ancestors' powers Echo watched as Kingpin had now become enraged, and she was then struck by one of Kingpin's men. But as she went to get up, Echo told Bonnie to trust her, and she then began channeling her ancestors' powers, which she also passed through into Battiest and Bonnie, allowing them to fight back. Utilizing the strategy, cunning and ferocity that was being passed down through her, Echo took on all of Kingpin's men and successfully defeated them, now just leaving Kingpin standing. Echo tries to help Kingpin let go of his pain Kingpin charged at Echo, but she managed to stop him in place by touching his heart with her powers, dropping Kingpin to his knees. Echo then placed her hands above Kingpin's scarred eye, and just like her mother did with her, Echo brought Kingpin to a memory of his childhood, where his father was abusing his mother . Echo attempted to get Kingpin to let go of his pain and anger, claiming that he was still her uncle, but he refused to heal himself. Exiting the memory, Kingpin furiously asked Echo what she did to him before fleeing the scene.

Return to Family [ ] Lopez stays with her family in Tamaha With the threat of Kingpin now removed from her home, and a newfound connection with her roots discovered, Lopez decided to stay in Tamaha with her family, and she joined Chula Battiest , Henry Lopez , Bonnie and Biscuits for a cookout. When she arrived, Battiest greeted her with a big smile and hugged her granddaughter, happy to have her in their life again.

Personality [ ] This section requires expansion This section needs a rewrite "You knew what you were part of at every turn. All the people you killed for me, did you plead for their lives? I ask you... who's the monster?" ― Wilson Fisk to Maya Lopez [src] After losing her father to Ronin , Lopez developed a deep thirst for revenge that led her to join the Kingpin and Tracksuit Mafia . This thirst for revenge grew stronger and stronger over the years, and Lopez used it to become a ruthless criminal with no qualms about getting what she wanted. Despite this, Lopez was very smart and able to discover sensitive data, such as the location of Clint Barton 's family, as well as discovering that the latter was Ronin . According to Barton, Lopez's thirst for revenge began to become dangerous for her and she would eventually die from it. After her encounter with Ronin , Lopez discovered the truth regarding her father's murder, so her revenge turned against Kingpin , and she was able to coldly shoot him despite being raised as his adopted daughter. In the aftermath of her perceived vengeance, Maya still held a lot of anger and resentment, not just towards Fisk for her father's death, but also to her grandmother for abandoning her after her mother's death. However, after reconnecting with her Choctaw heritage through her mother's guidance, Maya was finally able to let go of the pain and anger that was within her, ultimately becoming a more compassionate individual, as shown when she attempted to heal Fisk's pain despite him being responsible for her father's death and attempting to kill her remaining family. Powers and Abilities [ ] Powers [ ] This section requires expansion This section needs a rewrite Ancestral Evocation : As a descendant of Chafa , the first Choctaw , Maya possesses the ability to call upon the strength and skills of her fellow ancestors. Photographic Reflexes : As a child, Lopez discovered she could mimic another person's movements. She perfectly copied another karate student's technique and used it against another student. Ancestral Communication : Maya can communicate to a degree with her deceased ancestors, such as her mother. Enhanced Strength : To be added Memory Recall : Through her powers, Maya can recall the memories of her ancestors and witness events that they went through. Healing : Through her mother, Maya possesses the ability to heal a person's mental scars by entering their minds and visualizing their past traumas. However, for this to work permanently, the person must also want Maya's help, as seen when she attempted to heal Fisk but had to convince him to let her help him give up his rage and pain, in these cases the effect of that power is temporary and less effective. Abilities [ ] "None of my men have ever held their own with him like that . You did better than even I expected." ― Kingpin to Maya Lopez [src] Master Martial Artist : Lopez fighting against Ronin Lopez is an extremely skilled and formidable hand-to-hand combatant and martial artist, having attended the Brooklyn Karate Academy in her youth, later training in MMA. She was able to fight the formidable Hawkeye twice, and get the upper hand over him. In addition to her Karate training, she has also trained in martial arts such as Capoeira , Boxing , Muay Thai , Judo and Taekwondo . She was later able to fight against him, Kate Bishop , and Yelena Belova simultaneously, and defeated Kazi . She was briefly able to hold her own against the vigilante Daredevil , a feat which Kingpin noted hadn't been pulled off by any of his henchmen. Lopez prefers to use her elbows over her fists in a fight to avoid damaging her ability to communicate with sign language. [14] Staff Mastery : Lopez is highly skilled at using a staff in combat, being able to use Kate Bishop 's bow as a melee weapon against Hawkeye. Sword Mastery : Lopez is highly skilled at using a sword in combat, being able to use Ronin's sword to fight against Ronin after disarming him, even managed to hurt him during the fight. Whip Mastery : To be added "I shot him in the face." ―Maya Lopez [src] Master Marksman : Lopez is also proficient with using a handgun in combat, being accurate enough to shoot the chain of a swingset from a medium distance. She also knows how to use a shotgun, as seen when she attempted to shoot Daredevil . She can even throw an empty gun magazine at her opponent as a distraction tactic. Lopez can also accurately throw knives, as she almost hit Bishop in the head with one. Master Acrobat : Lopez kicking at Hawkeye Lopez can flip and perform many acrobatic fighting techniques, as demonstrated when she fought Clint Barton . Expert Tactician : Lopez is in charge of high level operations in the Tracksuit Mafia because of her leadership skills, strategic prowess, and connection to Kingpin . Lopez was able to plan an ambush on Ronin at Fat Man Auto Repair . Physician : Lopez was commended by Gretchen for improvising dental floss to stitch a gunshot wound. Expert Engineer : To be added Multilingualism : Lopez understands English and is able to read lips, as well as being fluent in American Sign Language. Equipment [ ] Weapons [ ] Denix M1911A1 : Kingpin oversaw that Lopez was trained with a pistol after her father's death. She began using the pistol again when she returned to Tamaha , notably holding Kingpin at gunpoint on two occasions. Beretta 8000 Cougar : Lopez using her pistol Lopez brought a pistol to chase Clint Barton and Kate Bishop , and later brought the same pistol to confront Ronin and shoot Kingpin in the face. Glock 17 : Lopez took a pistol from a Black Knife Cartel member at the skate rink. Remington 870 (Short Barreled) : Lopez found a shotgun during her first mission for Kingpin and attempted to shoot Daredevil . "That girl still has my bow !" ― Kate Bishop to Clint Barton [src] Kate Bishop's Recurve Bow : During a fight with Barton at the KB Toys Store , Maya Lopez used the bow the Tracksuit Mafia had confiscated from Bishop as a melee weapon against the archer. Ronin's Retractable Sword : During her duel with Ronin at Fat Man Used Cars , Lopez disarmed him and briefly used his own sword against him. Other Equipment [ ] Prosthetic Leg : Lopez wears a metallic prosthesis to replace her missing limb. She adequates her fighting style to it, using the prosthesis to shield herself and to deliver more powerful blows. Rolex : Lopez possessed a Rolex that had been recovered from the Avengers Compound and then stolen from a black market auction by the Tracksuit Mafia . It was stolen by Kate Bishop when she broke into her apartment. Vehicles [ ] 1972 Dodge Challenger : Lopez drove a red 1972 Dodge Challenger while pursuing Clint Barton and Kate Bishop after they escaped from the KB Toys Store . The car was wrecked in the pursuit. Facilities [ ] Lopez Residence : As a young child, Lopez lived in a home with her father in New York City . Brooklyn Karate Academy : Lopez trained in karate at the Brooklyn Karate Academy from a young age. Fat Man Auto Repair : An auto repair shop was the legitimate front for the Tracksuit Mafia until Ronin 's massacre of the Tracksuits. The Tracksuits relocated back to the shop, now a used car store, after abandoning their hideout at the toy store. KB Toys Store : Sometime after Lopez took command of the Tracksuits, they found a new hideout in an abandoned toy store. They abandoned this hideout after Clint Barton and Kate Bishop learned of its existence. Maya Lopez's Apartment : Lopez's place of living in New York City , located at 3715 Godfrey Road. Her home was guarded with multiple silent alarms. Relationships [ ] Family [ ] Chafa † - Maternal Ancestor Lowak † - Maternal Ancestor Tuklo † - Maternal Ancestor Chula Battiest - Maternal Grandmother William Lopez † - Father Taloa † - Mother Henry Lopez - Paternal Uncle Maternal Uncle Biscuits - Maternal Cousin Bonnie - Maternal Cousin Allies [ ] Skully Clint Barton/Hawkeye - Former Attempted Victim Kate Bishop - Former Attempted Victim Billy Jack Enemies [ ] New York City Police Department Daredevil Yelena Belova Wilson Fisk/Kingpin - Surrogate Uncle, Former Boss and Former Attempted Victim Tracksuit Mafia - Former Allies Kazi Kazimierczak - Former Close Friend and Attempted Victim Ivan Banionis - Former Subordinate Tomas - Former Subordinate Enrique - Former Subordinate Dmitri - Former Subordinate United States Department of Damage Control Vickie Tyson † Grace Tyson Brigitte Black Knife Cartel Zane † - Attempted Killer Carter - Attempted Victim Walker † - Victim Davy - Former Ally Edgar - Former Ally Appearances [ ] Appearances for Maya Lopez In chronological order: Echo Season One Chafa Hawkeye Season One Echoes (flashback) Echo Season One Chafa (flashback; concurrent events) Echo Season One Taloa (flashback) Chafa (flashback) Taloa (flashback) Hawkeye Season One Hide and Seek Echoes Partners, Am I Right? Ronin Echo Season One Chafa (flashback; concurrent events) So This Is Christmas? Ms. Marvel Season One (picture) [15] Echo Season One Chafa Lowak Tuklo Taloa Maya Trivia [ ] In the comics, Echo was a member of the Cheyenne Nation with Photographic Reflexes. Her father was killed by Kingpin , who raised her as his own daughter and told her that Daredevil was responsible for her father's death while she was dating Matt Murdock . She was the first person to take on the Ronin mantle while hunting organized crime members in Japan , later working with the New Avengers . Maya likes Pop-Tarts [12] and cookies from Levain.

Behind the Scenes [ ] Caitlin Dechelle , Stephanie Vovou , Marilyn Giacomazzi , Crystal Hooks , Dena Sodano , Athena Perample , Jolene Van Vugt and Amanda Bradley were stunt doubles for Alaqua Cox in the role of Echo. According to Jeremy Slater , Echo was supposed to appear in Moon Knight , as Marc Spector 's love interest, since Marvel Studios was looking to put the character in something. Upon being told that the character would make her debut in Hawkeye instead, Slater was relieved to hear that. [16] References [ ] The Marvel Cinematic Universe Wiki has a collection of images and media related to Echo . The Marvel Cinematic Universe Wiki has a collection of quotes related to Echo . ↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.3 Echo: 1.05: Maya ↑ 2.00 2.01 2.02 2.03 2.04 2.05 2.06 2.07 2.08 2.09 2.10 Hawkeye: 1.03: Echoes ↑ 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 Echo: 1.01: Chafa ↑ 4.0 4.1 Hawkeye Deleted Scene ↑ 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 Echo: 1.04: Taloa ↑ Hawkeye: 1.01: Never Meet Your Heroes ↑ Hawkeye: 1.02: Hide and Seek ↑ 8.0 8.1 Hawkeye: 1.04: Partners, Am I Right? ↑ 9.0 9.1 9.2 Hawkeye: 1.05: Ronin ↑ 10.0 10.1 10.2 Hawkeye: 1.06: So This Is Christmas? ↑ Hawkeye: 1.06: So This Is Christmas? Deleted Scene ↑ 12.0 12.1 Echo: 1.02: Lowak ↑ 13.0 13.1 Echo: 1.03: Tuklo ↑ Hawkeye: Echo’s Fighting Style Had A Perfect Hidden Meaning ↑ DODC Office Set Photo ↑ Moon Knight's Original Love Interest Wound Up on a Different Marvel Series External Links [ ] Echo on Marvel Database Echo on Wikipedia Echo on Marvel Website