Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania Director(s) Peyton Reed Writer(s) Jeff Loveness Producer(s) Kevin Feige Stephen Broussard Louis D'Esposito Victoria Alonso Kevin De La Noy Composer Christophe Beck Release Date February 17, 2023 Running Time 125 minutes Box Office $476.1 million More Information Full Credits Characters Awards Merchandise Trivia Release Home Video Marvel Cinematic Universe ← Previous Next → Black Panther: Wakanda Forever Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 "I don’t live in a straight line. And with time, it’s hard not to skip to the end. So, if you want to stop what’s coming, and trust me, you do… I am the only shot you have." "What’s coming?" " Me ." ― Kang the Conqueror and Stature Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania is a 2023 superhero film, based on the Marvel Comics superheroes of the same na mes . The film is a sequel to Ant-Man , Ant-Man and the Wasp and Avengers: Endgame . It continues the Kang the Conqueror storyline set up in the first season of Loki . It is the thirty-first film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , and the first installment of Phase Five . The film was released on February 17, 2023. The film is directed by Peyton Reed and stars Paul Rudd as Scott Lang/Ant-Man , Evangeline Lilly as Hope van Dyne/Wasp , Jonathan Majors as Kang the Conqueror , Kathryn Newton as Cassie Lang/Stature , David Dastmalchian as Veb , Katy M. O'Brian as Jentorra , William Jackson Harper as Quaz , Bill Murray as Lord Krylar , with Michelle Pfeiffer as Janet van Dyne , with Corey Stoll as Darren Cross/M.O.D.O.K. , and Michael Douglas as Hank Pym . Contents 1 Synopsis 2 Plot 3 Cast 4 Appearances 4.1 Locations 4.2 Events 4.3 Items 4.4 Vehicles 4.5 Sentient Species 4.6 Creatures 4.7 Organizations 4.8 Mentioned 5 Production 6 Videos 6.1 Trailers 6.2 TV Spots 6.3 Featurettes 6.4 Other 7 Music 8 References 9 External Links Synopsis [ ] Scott Lang and Hope van Dyne , along with Hope's parents, Hank Pym and Janet van Dyne , and Lang's daughter, Cassie , go on a new adventure exploring the Quantum Realm that pushed their limits and pits them against Kang the Conqueror .

Plot [ ] Ant-Man and the Wasp 's new life After helping to save the world from Thanos , life has been going pretty great for Scott Lang . He is liked and respected in his hometown of San Francisco, and has even written a successful memoir . Things are also going well for his girlfriend Hope van Dyne , who now runs her own company and is using Pym Particles to help the world, as well as her parents Hank Pym and Janet van Dyne who are just happy to be reunited following Janet's thirty years trapped in the Quantum Realm although Janet still refuses to talk about her time there. The only bone of contention for Lang is that his daughter Cassie , who is now living with him and Hope, has been arrested more than once due to her participation in protests. After Lang and van Dyne bail her out, the two have a mild argument where she accuses her father of enjoying his fame and not actually doing anything to help the world now that it is not under an immediate threat. She also accidentally implies during the conversation that she has her own super suit, but quickly tries to shrug it off when her father enquiries further. Scott and Cassie appear in the Quantum Realm They head to the Pym Residence to have dinner, and the conversation turns to a device that Cassie and Pym have been working on; a Quantum Satellite . They explain it is designed to try and send a signal into the Quantum Realm to try and establish communications. Janet freaks out when she realizes that someone could send a signal back and demands it be shut down; however, the device ends up imploding and sucking in the five, along with some ants that Pym had been experimenting on to increase their intelligence. The Pym/Van Dyne family are separated from Scott and Cassie and land in a completely different part of the Quantum Realm to the two. M.O.D.O.K. greets Ant-Man Scott manages to rescue Cassie from falling to her death before confronting an alliance called the Freedom Fighters as Hope and Pym are guided through the Quantum Realm by Janet, who later brings them to Axia to meet an old friend . Scott and Cassie perform a ritual to understand the Freedom Fighters' language, learning of a man who managed to conquer what was once the home of the Freedom Fighters. Upon meeting Janet's friend Krylar, Krylar has the ruler's guard attack Janet's relatives, leading them to escape in Krylar's Yacht . The Freedom Fighters are also soon under attack by the guard and M.O.D.O.K. , whom Scott and Cassie find out is none other than Darren Cross, who is now deformed from the Yellowjacket suit's destruction and has been left with a massive head but tiny limbs necessitating him to use a hover chair. Ant-Man makes a deal with Kang the Conqueror While Scott is arrested and forced to make a deal with the man named Kang, having to retrieve the Multiversal Engine Core , Janet explains to Hope and Hank that Kang the Conqueror was a scientist also trapped in the Quantum Realm who attempted to fix his Time Sphere , only to have Janet sabotage his departure because she realized from his ship's engine that he had destroyed several timelines and took countless lives, and hadn't actually crashed in the Quantum Realm as she'd assumed but was exiled there. As Ant-Man, Lang shrinks into the enlarged, blown up Multiversal Power Core, shrinking it with the Wasp's help. Because they rebel against him, Kang steals the Power Core from them, defeating Ant-Man and the Wasp and taking Janet with him as M.O.D.O.K. crashes Pym's ship. Wasp rescues Ant-Man Kang explains his origin and his plan to thwart the Council of Kangs for exiling him to Janet as Cassie evades captivity and frees the Freedom Fighters. Ant-Man and the Wasp meet Pym, accompanied by the smarter ants who have also traveled to the Quantum Realm. Cassie interrupts Kang's transmission to Axia, telling all residents to fight against Kang. Telling M.O.D.O.K. to kill Cassie, Kang is confronted by Giant-Man, approaching Axia's center. The Freedom Fighters and the inhabitants of the Quantum Realm also help defeat Kang, despite losing to his attacks. Cassie is able to get the best of M.O.D.O.K. and tells Cross that he has the capacity to change and does not have to be a "dick" all his life. Kang and Ant-Man have a duel With Ant-Man, the Wasp, and Stature attempting to battle Kang, Pym calls his ants (which had arrived in the Quantum Realm centuries before the humans and developed their own society) to distract him. Convinced he has been acting horribly, Cross sacrifices his life as a hero in disabling Kang's forcefield he had made, allowing the ants to attack him (with Lang uneasily declaring Cross an Avenger when Cross asks). Janet opens a portal back to Earth until Lang, the last person to return, was blasted away by Kang. Kang attempts to kill Lang in hand-to-hand combat, but is sucked in by the distorting Power Core by Hope's assistance. Looking back at the celebrating Freedom Fighters, Lang and van Dyne leave the Quantum Realm. Loki spots Victor Timely Now back home, Lang continues his happy life and orchestrates a fake surprise birthday for Cassie due to him missing so many. Lang briefly reflects on Kang's words and worries that he may not be dead or the door might now be open to the ones who exiled him, but decides not to dwell on that for now and focus on his extended family. Believing the exiled Kang has died, the Council of Kangs calls every Kang variant in the Multiverse . They discuss that the Avengers may have to be dealt with as not only are they touching the very fabric of the Multiverse, but they were even able to seemingly kill one of their own. In the 20th Century, Loki attends a presentation about time with Mobius M. Mobius . The presentation being that of Victor Timely 's, Mobius is not worried while Loki is terrified. Cast [ ] Paul Rudd as Scott Lang/Ant-Man Evangeline Lilly as Hope van Dyne/Wasp Jonathan Majors as Kang the Conqueror / Rama-Tut ( mid-credits scene ) / Immortus ( mid-credits scene ) / Centurion ( mid-credits scene ) / Mister Gryphon ( mid-credits scene ) / Victor Timely ( post-credits scene ) Michelle Pfeiffer as Janet van Dyne Michael Douglas as Doctor Hank Pym Kathryn Newton as Cassie Lang/Stature Abby Ryder Fortson as Little Cassie Lang (archive footage) David Dastmalchian as Veb William Jackson Harper as Quaz Katy M. O'Brian as Jentorra James Cutler as Xolum Bill Murray as Lord Krylar Randall Park as Agent Jimmy Woo Corey Stoll as Darren Cross/Yellowjacket/M.O.D.O.K. Joshua Collins as Derrick Gregg Turkington as Dale Ruben Rabasa as Ruben Russell Balogh as Nomad Leader Grahame Fox as Broccoli Man Tom Scharpling as N'Brij To-be-confirmed actor as Furry Face To-be-confirmed actor as Pixel Man To-be-confirmed actor as Kintsugi Man To-be-confirmed actor as Ribbon Man Tom Hiddleston as Loki ( post-credits scene ; uncredited) Owen Wilson as Mobius M. Mobius ( post-credits scene ; uncredited) Lucas Grant as Hope van Dyne 's Son ( deleted scene ) Appearances [ ] Locations [ ] Multiverse Quantum Realm Janet van Dyne's Homestead Axia Celestium Void (mentioned) Sub-Atomica (mentioned) Earth San Francisco , California Pym Residence Baskin-Robbins Bridge Donuts Pym van Dyne Foundation Headquarters City Lights Bookstore Transamerica Pyramid Golden Gate Bridge San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge Alcatraz Island Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary San Francisco Police Station Maggie Lang's House (flashback) Pym Technologies Headquarters (flashback) Pier 39 (mentioned) Chicago , Illinois ( post-credits scene ) Germany (mentioned) Leipzig-Halle Airport (mentioned) San Quentin State Prison (indirectly mentioned) Raft (indirectly mentioned) Events [ ] Ambush on Kang the Conqueror Capture of the Langs Ambush in Axia Attack on the Freedom Fighters Theft of the Multiversal Engine Core Uprising in Axia World's Columbian Exposition Duel at Maggie Lang's House (flashback) Multiversal War

(flashback) Time Heist (mentioned) Battle of Earth (mentioned) Blip (mentioned) Snap (mentioned) Robbery of Vistacorp (mentioned) Clash of the Avengers (mentioned) Infiltration into Pym Technologies Headquarters (indirectly mentioned) Items [ ] Ant-Man Suit Wasp Suit Wasp's Stingers Stature Suit Pym Particles Pym Particle Discs Quantum Satellite EMP Communication Device Kang the Conqueror's Armor Multiversal Engine Core Time Platform Ooze Look Out for the Little Guy! Humanitarian Global Services Award Ant-Man Action Figure Temporal Loom Yellowjacket Suit (flashback) Mjølnir (mentioned) WHiH Newsfront (mentioned) Nobel Prize (mentioned) Hubble Space Telescope (mentioned) Automated External Defibrillator (mentioned) Vehicles [ ] Time Sphere Krylar's Yacht Doomsday Chair Sentient Species [ ] Humans Quantumnauts Frost Giants Creatures [ ] Ants Dogs Raccoons (mentioned) Cats (mentioned) Bees (mentioned) Turkeys (mentioned) Organizations [ ] Kang's Empire Freedom Fighters Pym van Dyne Foundation San Francisco Police Department Council of Kangs Time Variance Authority Pym Technologies (flashback) Avengers (mentioned) Vistacorp (mentioned) WHiH World News (mentioned) Avengers (mentioned) Mentioned [ ] Incursion Captain America Spider-Man Christine Everhart Hulk Thanos Maggie Lang Rocket Raccoon Linda Thor Thor He Who Remains Erwin Schrödinger Schrödinger's cat Godzilla Production [ ] On July 2, 2018, in an interview with the The Hollywood Reporter , Ant-Man and Ant-Man and the Wasp director Peyton Reed expressed his interest in making a third Ant-Man film stating: "I think we are all interested in doing one. There is a story to tell there. Definitely. There is a story we've talked about, potentially. I'm very, very hopeful"

On October 8, 2019, when asked about Paul Rudd 's future as Ant-Man, Kevin Feige said: "The chess pieces were arranged very purposefully after Endgame . Those that are off the board are off, and those that are still on, you never know" .

On November 1, 2019, The Hollywood Reporter reported that a third Ant-Man film was in development with Peyton Reed returning to direct.

On November 3, 2019, in an interview with Collider , Michael Douglas stated that the film was expected to begin production in January 2021.

On April 3, 2020, The Hollywood Reporter reported that Jeff Loveness had been tapped to pen the film's script.

On September 14, 2020, Deadline reported that Jonathan Majors had joined the cast of the film and that he was expected to portray Kang the Conqueror .

On November 20, 2020, The Hollywood Reporter reported that the film would begin production in 2021.

On December 10, 2020, during Disney's 2020 Investor Day, Kevin Feige announced that the title of the film was Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania . He also announced that Kathryn Newton had joined the cast of the film and that she would portray Cassie Lang . Furthermore, he confirmed Jonathan Majors' casting as Kang the Conqueror. [10] On February 4, 2021, it was reported that the film had begun production in Cappadocia , Turkey . [11] On March 1, 2021, it was reported that T.I. would not be reprising his role as Dave in the film. [12] In March 2021, it was revealed that the film was scheduled to start production on May 31 and wrap on September 24 in London and Atlanta . [13] On May 3, 2021, it was revealed that the film would be released on February 17, 2023. [14] On May 7, 2021, it was reported that the film would begin production in mid-July in the United Kingdom . [15] On June 15, 2021, Paul Rudd revealed that the film had begun production in London. [16] On June 30, 2021, it was reported that Corey Stoll would be reprising his role as Darren Cross/Yellowjacket in the film. [17] On July 26, 2021, Peyton Reed announced that the film had begun principal photography. [18] On September 7, 2021, it was revealed that Bill Pope had joined the film as the cinematographer. [19] On October 10, 2021, it was reported that Bill Murray had joined the cast of the film in an undisclosed role. [20] On October 18, 2021, it was announced that the film had been pushed back from its initial release date to July 28, 2023. [21] On October 26, 2021, Bill Murray confirmed that he had joined the cast of the film. [22] On November 23, 2021, Peyton Reed announced that the film had wrapped production. [23] On April 29, 2022, it was announced that the film had swapped release dates with The Marvels and would be released on February 17, 2023 instead of July 28, 2023. [24] On July 8, 2022, it was reported that Christophe Beck would be composing the score for the film. [25] On October 27, 2022, Variety reported that William Jackson Harper had joined the cast of the film in an undisclosed role. [26] Videos [ ] Trailers [ ] Marvel Studios’ Ant-Man and the Wasp- Quantumania - Official Trailer Marvel Studios’ Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania - Official Trailer (Ant-Size Version) Marvel Studios’ Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania - New Trailer TV Spots [ ] Marvel Studios’ Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania - Home Marvel Studios’ Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania - New Dynasty Marvel Studios’ Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania - Before Marvel Studios’ Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania - Emerald City Marvel Studios’ Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania - Battle Marvel Studios’ Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania - Down Here Featurettes [ ] Marvel Studios' Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania - Enter the Quantum Realm Marvel Studios’ Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania - Introducing Cassie Marvel Studios’ Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania - Kang The Conqueror Marvel Studios’ Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania - Visual Spectacle Other [ ] Marvel Studios' Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania - Tickets On Sale Paul Rudd Presents Scott Lang's New Memoir Ant-Man and the Wasp- Quantumania - Red Carpet LIVE! Meet Kang- Jonathan Majors Discusses Portraying the MCU's New Biggest Threat Paul Rudd on Traveling To The Quantum Realm in Ant-Man and the Wasp- Quantumania Evangeline Lilly On The Family Dynamic In Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania Kathryn Newton On Her Debut in Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania Michael Douglas Reflects on Hank Pym in Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania Stephen Broussard On What Kang Means For Phase 5 Sarah Halley Finn On Casting the Quantum Realm - Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania Ruben Rabasa On Confusing Ant-Man and Spider-Man Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania Director Peyton Reed Discusses Developing the Quantum Realm Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania Writer Jeff Loveness and The Secrets of the New Movie Victoria Alonso On The Family Dynamics In Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania Xochitl Gomez Live At the Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania Red Carpet Ant-Man Star David Dastmalchian On Returning To The MCU Exploring The Quantum Realm in Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania with William Jackson Harper Katy O'Brian On Making Her MCU Debut in Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania Kevin Feige Reveals More About Phase 5 And Kang At The Premiere of Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania A Giant Ant Made Of Lunchables?!? - Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania Dominique Thorne On The Upcoming Ironheart Series Best Of Red Carpet Moments - Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania How Jonathan Majors Inspired Kang's Design - Marvel Studios' Ant-Man and The Wasp- Quantumania Music [ ] Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack Song title Artist Location(s) Goodbye Yellow Brick Road Elton John Official Trailer. Welcome Back ( Welcome Back, Kotter theme) John Sebastian Il Capo Austin Filingo & John W Padgett References [ ] The Marvel Cinematic Universe Wiki has a collection of images and media related to Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania . ↑ Special Look at 'Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania' Debuts at CCXP22 ↑ Legends: 2.16: Variants ↑ ‘Ant-Man and the Wasp’ Director on Wooing Michelle Pfeiffer and His Marvel Future ↑ Paul Rudd, the One-Man Double Act ↑ Peyton Reed to Direct 'Ant-Man 3' (Exclusive) ↑ Michael Douglas Talks ‘The Kominsky Method’ Season 2 and When He Shoots ‘Ant-Man 3’ ↑ 'Ant-Man 3' Finds its Writer With 'Rick and Morty' Scribe (Exclusive) ↑ Jonathan Majors Joins Marvel Cinematic Universe, Lands Major Role In Next ‘Ant-Man’ Movie ↑ Marvel's 'Black Panther' Sequel Shoot to Begin in July (Exclusive) ↑ Paul Rudd and Evangeline Lilly Return in ‘Ant-Man and The Wasp: Quantumania’ with Kang the Conqueror ↑ UPDATE: ‘ANT-MAN AND THE WASP: QUANTUMANIA’ ALREADY STARTED FILMING IN TURKEY ↑ T.I. Not Returning for 'Ant-Man 3' ↑ Ant-Man And The Wasp: Quantumania - Production List ↑ Marvel Studios Celebrates The Movies ↑ ‘Ant-Man and the Wasp’ 3, More UK Productions Are Greenlit + Casting ↑ Tyreek Hill on Instagram - June 15, 2021 ↑ Corey Stoll To Reprise Role As Yellowjacket In ‘Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania’ (Exclusive) ↑ Peyton Reed on Twitter - July 26, 2021 ↑ ARRI Crew Diary Service ↑ Brand new casting indicates Bill Murray will join the MCU in ‘Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania’ ↑ UPDATE: Marvel Studios Upcoming Films Release Dates ↑ Bill Murray Says He’s Appearing in ‘Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania’ ↑ Peyton Reed on Twitter - November 23, 2021 ↑ 'The Marvels' and 'Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania' Receive New Release Dates ↑ Christophe Beck to Return for Marvel’s ‘Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania’ ↑ William Jackson Harper Cast In ‘Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania’ External Links [ ] Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania on Wikipedia Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania on IMDb Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania on Facebook Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania on 𝕏 Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania on Instagram Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania on Disney+ The Multiverse Saga Phase Four Films Black Widow • Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings • Eternals • Spider-Man: No Way Home • Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness • Thor: Love and Thunder • Black Panther: Wakanda Forever TV Series WandaVision ( Season One ) • The Falcon and The Winter Soldier ( Season One ) • Loki ( Season One ) • What If...? ( Season One ) • Hawkeye ( Season One ) • Moon Knight ( Season One ) • Ms. Marvel ( Season One ) • I Am Groot ( Season One ) • She-Hulk: Attorney at Law ( Season One ) Specials Werewolf by Night • The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special Phase Five Films Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania • Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 • The Marvels • Deadpool & Wolverine • Captain America: Brave New World • Thunderbolts TV Series Secret Invasion ( Season One ) • I Am Groot ( Season Two ) • Loki ( Season Two ) • What If...? ( Season Two ) • Echo ( Season One ) • Agatha: Darkhold Diaries ( Season One ) • Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man ( Season One ) • Eyes of Wakanda ( Season One ) • Daredevil: Born Again ( Season One ) • Ironheart ( Season One ) • Marvel Zombies ( Season One ) Phase Six Films The Fantastic Four • Blade • Avengers: The Kang Dynasty • Avengers: Secret Wars TV Series Unknown Phase Films Armor Wars TV Series What If...? ( Season Three ) • Wonder Man ( Season One ) • Vision Quest ( Season One )