For other uses, see Marvels (disambiguation) The Marvels Director(s) Nia DaCosta Writer(s) Megan McDonnell Nia DaCosta Elissa Karasik Producer(s) Kevin Feige Louis D'Esposito Victoria Alonso Mary Livanos Jonathan Schwartz Matthew Jenkins David J. Grant Composer Laura Karpman Release Date November 10, 2023 Running Time 105 minutes Box Office $205 million More Information Full Credits Characters Awards Merchandise Trivia Release Home Video Marvel Cinematic Universe ← Previous Next → Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 Deadpool & Wolverine "We're a team ?" "Oh, no, no, no, we're not a team." "We're not a team." ― Kamala Khan , Monica Rambeau and Carol Danvers The Marvels is a superhero film, based on the Marvel Comics. The film is a sequel to Captain Marvel , Avengers: Endgame , WandaVision , Ms. Marvel and Secret Invasion . It is the thirty-third film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe , and the sixth installment of Phase Five . The film released on November 10, 2023. The film is directed by Nia DaCosta and stars Brie Larson as Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel , Teyonah Parris as Monica Rambeau , Iman Vellani as Kamala Khan/Ms. Marvel , Zawe Ashton as Dar-Benn , Park Seo-Joon as Yan , Zenobia Shroff as Muneeba Khan , Mohan Kapur as Yusuf Khan , Saagar Shaikh as Aamir Khan , and Samuel L. Jackson as Nick Fury . Contents 1 Synopsis 2 Plot 3 Cast 4 Appearances 4.1 Locations 4.2 Events 4.3 Items 4.4 Vehicles 4.5 Sentient Species 4.6 Creatures 4.7 Organizations 4.8 Mentioned 5 Production 6 Videos 6.1 Trailers 6.2 TV Spots 6.3 Clips 6.4 Featurettes 6.5 Other 7 Music 8 References 9 External Links Synopsis [ ] In The Marvels , Carol Danvers aka Captain Marvel has reclaimed her identity from the tyrannical Kree and taken revenge on the Supreme Intelligence . But unintended consequences see Carol shouldering the burden of a destabilized universe. When her duties send her to an anomalous wormhole linked to a Kree revolutionary , her powers become entangled with that of Jersey City super-fan Kamala Khan , aka Ms. Marvel, and Carol's estranged niece, now S.A.B.E.R. astronaut Captain Monica Rambeau . Together, this unlikely trio must team up and learn to work in concert to save the universe as "The Marvels ".

Plot [ ] Captain Marvel destroys the Supreme Intelligence In an act of defiance, Carol Danvers destroys the Supreme Intelligence , the very core of Kree artificial intelligence. This act plunges the Kree Empire into a civil war, paving the way for the desolation of their once-glorious homeworld, Hala , a catastrophic saga spanning three decades. Amidst the ruins, Supremor Dar-Benn , an emerging leader, stumbles upon the Quantum Band . Monica Rambeau inspects the jump point Dar-Benn's newfound power ripples across the fabric of space, creating a web of interconnected jump points that disrupts the very essence of interstellar travel. The resulting anomaly affects the entire jump point network, including one near Earth 's S.A.B.E.R. space station run by Nick Fury. As Monica Rambeau investigates disturbances near S.A.B.E.R., Carol Danvers pursues the newly opened jump point created by Dar-Benn. Touching their respective jump points, Rambeau finds herself displaced, along with Danvers and Kamala Khan , the owner of the second Quantum Band on Earth who was biding her time in the creation of a story involving her superhero alter-ego Ms. Marvel and Danvers. The trio utilizes their distinct light-based powers to fend off Kree enemies, resulting in the destruction of the Khan family home . Rambeau , Khan and Danvers confront Dar-Benn After returning to their original places, Fury and Rambeau visit Kamala on Earth. Rambeau theorizes that their light-based powers are connected through quantum entanglement, switching places when any of the three simultaneously use their powers. Danvers, Rambeau and Khan converge at a Skrull refugee colony on Tarnax IV , a planet founded through Danvers' aid, where complex peace negotiations balance on the edge. When negotiations fail, Dar-Benn opens another jump point, siphoning the atmosphere from Tarnax to replenish Hala's air. Danvers, Rambeau, and Khan form a team, dubbed "the Marvels " by Khan, after evacuating the colony. Aladna is rid of its water Danvers explains that the Quantum Bands played a significant role in establishing the jump point network, and Dar-Benn, by merging her Quantum Band with the Kree's Universal Weapon , is causing instability in the network. Dar-Benn targets planets significant to Danvers, holding her responsible for the desolation of Hala. The Marvels reach the water planet Aladna ahead of Dar-Benn, preparing the locals for an impending attack. Dar-Benn arrives and tries to divert the planet's water to Hala, nearly seizing Kamala's Quantum Band. The Marvels successfully subdue Dar-Benn, and in her final attempt, she uses both Quantum Bands to create a space rift. This action results in Dar-Benn's destruction, the termination of the Marvels' entanglement, and the formation of a rupture between realities. Rambeau seals the rift Following Kamala's successful retrieval of the Bands, she and Danvers seamlessly blend their formidable powers to infuse Rambeau with an unprecedented surge of energy. This newfound strength enables Rambeau to seal the interdimensional rift from the alternate side, stranding herself in the process. As Kamala makes her return to Earth, Danvers soars towards Hala's sun. Employing her powers, Danvers manages to rejuvenate the celestial body. Kamala then began to assemble a new team of young heroes, beginning with Kate Bishop. Rambeau later awakens in a parallel universe, greeted by Binary — an alternate manifestation of her mother Maria — and the Mutant scientist, Hank McCoy . Cast [ ] Brie Larson as Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel Teyonah Parris as Captain Monica Rambeau Kenedy McCallam-Martin as Little Monica Rambeau Akira Akbar as Young Monica Rambeau (archive footage; uncredited) Iman Vellani as Kamala Khan/Ms. Marvel Zawe Ashton as Supremor Dar-Benn Gary Lewis as Emperor Dro'ge Park Seo-Joon as Prince Yan Zenobia Shroff as Muneeba Khan Mohan Kapur as Yusuf Khan Saagar Shaikh as Aamir Khan Samuel L. Jackson as Director Nick Fury Leila Farzad as Talia Abraham Pópóo̩lá as Dag Daniel Ings as Ty-Rone Nemo and Tango as Goose Tessa Thompson as Brunnhilde/Valkyrie Lashana Lynch as Maria Rambeau / Maria Rambeau/Binary ( mid-credits scene ) Hailee Steinfeld as Kate Bishop Kelsey Grammer as Hank McCoy/Beast ( mid-credits scene ) To-be-confirmed actor as Lucky the Pizza Dog (uncredited) Jude Law as Yon-Rogg (archive footage; uncredited) Annette Bening as Supreme Intelligence / Mar-Vell (archive footage; uncredited) Zion Usman as Sana Ali (archive footage; uncredited) Mehwish Hayat as Aisha (archive footage; uncredited) Julian Hilliard as Billy Maximoff (archive footage; uncredited) Jett Klyne as Tommy Maximoff (archive footage; uncredited) Lana Young as Doctor Highland (archive audio; uncredited) Appearances [ ] Locations [ ] MB-418 S.A.B.E.R. Space Station Earth Jersey City , New Jersey Khan Residence Coles Academic High School (mentioned) New York City , New York Statue of Liberty Kate Bishop's Apartment Westchester , New York X-Mansion New Orleans , Louisiana Rambeau Residence Lancaster , California (flashback) Edwards Air Force Base (flashback) Parkside (flashback) Westview , New Jersey (flashback) Tarnax IV Aladna Hala Pama Sun Skrullos (mentioned) AG-514 (screen) AZ-724 (screen) CH-024 (screen) DA-125 (screen) ED-303 (screen) GH-528 (screen) PF-919 (screen) VG-429 (screen) Svartalfheim (mentioned) Events [ ] Restoration of Hala Search for the Quantum Bands Destruction of Tarnax IV Attack on Aladna Attack on the Sun Assassination of Mar-Vell (flashback) Kree-Skrull War (flashback) Battle at Mar-Vell's Laboratory (flashback) Destruction of Skrullos (mentioned) Destruction of the Supreme Intelligence (flashback) Blip (flashback) Westview Anomaly (flashback) Infiltration into Westview (flashback) Battle of Westview (flashback) Kree Civil War (mentioned) Items [ ] Starforce Uniform Quantum Bands Noor Ms. Marvel's Uniform Kree Armor Kate Bishop's Bow and Quiver Hawkeye Suit Universal Weapon Kree Pistol Universal Neural Teleportation Network Bifrost Bridge Transmitter Pager Translator Implant Fracking Pods Carol Danvers' Cassette Tapes Goose Tunes

Party Mix

Soul of Thunder

Y2K Party Mix

1984 Tunes

Exo Desdemona Live on Stage

Weekend Disco

Yan Songs Vol. 1

Light-Speed Engine (flashback) Captain America's Uniform (cosplay) Terrigen Mist (mentioned) iPad (mentioned) Vehicles [ ] Hoopty Accuser Warship S.A.B.E.R. Space Elevator S.A.B.E.R. Escape Pods Mar-Vell's Laboratory (flashback) Sentient Species [ ] Humans Kree Mutants Skrulls Aladneans Asgardians Aakons Inhumans (mentioned) Creatures [ ] Flerken Dogs Cats (mentioned) Spiders (mentioned) Sloths (picture) Tigers (picture) Organizations [ ] Marvels S.A.B.E.R. Kree Empire Accusers Starforce (flashback) Aladnean Royal Family Aladnean Armed Forces X-Men Magnolia Weekly U-Haul United States Air Force (flashback) S.H.I.E.L.D. (flashback) Avengers (mentioned) S.W.O.R.D. (mentioned) Order of the Red Daggers (mentioned) Exo Desdemona

(mentioned) Bed Bath & Beyond

(logo) Revengers (indirectly mentioned) Mentioned [ ] Bruno Carrelli (picture) Nakia Bahadir (picture) Captain America (cosplay) Hulk (cosplay) Scarlet Witch Sana Ali Tyesha Hillman Zoe Zimmer Vision Thanos Ant-Man Stature Derek Bishop Eleanor Bishop Clint Barton Charles Xavier Nine Inch Nails (logo) Production [ ] In February 2019, before the release of Captain Marvel , Brie Larson expressed her interest in a potential sequel featuring Kamala Khan/Ms. Marvel .

On March 3, 2019, Kevin Feige said that there were some "pretty amazing" ideas for a potential sequel to Captain Marvel .

On July 20, 2019, at San Diego Comic-Con 2019, Kevin Feige announced that many projects, including a Captain Marvel sequel, were in development.

On January 22, 2020, it was reported that Megan McDonnell had been tapped to pen the film's script. It was also reported that Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck , who co-wrote and directed Captain Marvel , would not be returning to direct the sequel and that Marvel Studios was hoping to find a female filmmaker to direct the film, which was eyeing a potential 2022 release. Furthermore, it was reported that the film would be set in the present day.

On April 3, 2020, it was announced that the film would be released on July 8, 2022.

On August 5, 2020, Deadline reported that Nia DaCosta had been tapped to direct the film.

On August 21, 2020, it was reported that film was scheduled to begin production in the United Kingdom in the late spring or early summer of 2021. [10] On December 10, 2020, during Disney's 2020 Investor Day, Kevin Feige announced that Iman Vellani and Teyonah Parris would be reprising their roles as Kamala Khan/Ms. Marvel and Monica Rambeau , respectively, in the film. He also announced that the film had been pushed back from its initial release date to November 11, 2022. [11] On February 12, 2021, Deadline reported that Zawe Ashton had joined the cast of the film and that she would portray the film's antagonist. [12] On February 18, 2021, Sean Bobbitt revealed that he had joined the film as the cinematographer. [13] In March 2021, it was revealed that the film was scheduled to begin production on May 31 in London and Los Angeles . [14] On March 16, 2021, it was reported that the working title of the film was "Goat Rodeo" . [15] On May 3, 2021, it was revealed that the film had been retitled from Captain Marvel 2 to The Marvels . [16] On June 15, 2021, it was reported that Park Seo-Joon had joined the cast of the film in an undisclosed role. [17] On August 10, 2021, in an interview with Siriux XM , Brie Larson revealed that the film had begun production. [18] On August 11, 2021, Samuel L. Jackson revealed that he would be reprising his role as Nick Fury in the film. [19] On October 18, 2021, it was announced that the film had been pushed back from its November 11, 2022 release date to February 17, 2023. [20] On November 24, 2021, it was reported that the film had wrapped production. [21] On January 13, 2022, Variety reported that Laura Karpman would be composing the score for the film. [22] On April 29, 2022, it was announced that the film had swapped release dates with Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania and would be released on July 28, 2023 instead of February 17, 2023. [23] On January 2, 2023, it was reported that Megan McDonnell, Nia DaCosta, Elissa Karasik , and Zeb Wells had co-written the film's script. [24] On February 17, 2023, it was announced that the film had been pushed back from its July 28, 2023 release date to November 10, 2023. [25] On June 20, 2023, it was reported that Cobie Smulders would be reprising her role as Maria Hill in the film. [26] Three days later, in an interview with Vanity Fair following the release of the Secret Invasion episode Resurrection in which Maria Hill was killed, Smulders denied that she would be appearing in the film. [27] On November 3, 2023, it was reported that Tessa Thompson would be reprising her role as Valkyrie in the film. [28] Videos [ ] Trailers [ ] Marvel Studios’ The Marvels - Teaser Trailer Marvel Studios' The Marvels - Official Trailer The Marvels - Final Trailer - In Theaters Friday TV Spots [ ] The Marvels - Fight - In Theaters Nov 10 The Marvels - Prepared - In Theaters Nov 10 The Marvels - Legacy - In Theaters Nov 10 The Marvels - Power - In Theaters Nov 10 The Marvels - Beginning - In Theaters Nov 10 The Marvels - What Comes Next - In Theaters Nov 10 The Marvels - Reunited - Now Playing In Theaters The Marvels - Park Seo-Jun - Now Playing In Theaters The Marvels - Streaming February 7 on Disney+ Clips [ ] The Marvels - Official Clip 'Friend of Yours?' - In Theaters Nov 10 "Let the Flerkens Eat You" Clip - Marvel Studios' The Marvels Featurettes [ ] Introducing The Marvels - In Theaters Nov 10 The Marvels - Evolution of Captain Marvel - In Theaters Nov 10 Marvel Studios' The Marvels - Visual Effects - Behind the Scenes The Marvels - Behind the Powers of The Marvels The Marvels - Flerkittens- The Real and Digital Kittens Other [ ] Exclusive Reveals From The Marvels At SDCC Journey To The Marvels - In Theaters Nov 10 The Marvels - Experience in IMAX Nov 10 The Marvels - The Return Of Captain Marvel - In Theaters Nov 10 The Marvels - The Return of Captain Rambeau - In Theaters Tonight The Marvels - The Return of Ms. Marvel - In Theaters Tonight Marvel Studios' The Marvels Premiere Event - Phase 5 Continues Music [ ] The Marvels - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack Song title Artist Location(s) Double Bubble Trouble M.I.A. RATATA Skrillex , Missy Elliott , and Mr. Oizo Intergalactic Beastie Boys Teaser Trailer. Official Trailer. The battle where the Marvels keep on changing places. Welcome Home Nico Muhly and Laura Karpman Duet Nico Muhly and Laura Karpman Memory Barbra Streisand The Flerken devour the Space Station crew. X2: X-Men United Score John Ottman Credits scene Days of Future Past Score John Ottman References [ ] The Marvel Cinematic Universe Wiki has a collection of images and media related to The Marvels . ↑ 'The Marvels': New Teaser Trailer Sends Carol Danvers, Monica Rambeau, and Kamala Khan on a Cosmic Adventure ↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 Assembled: 1.20: The Making of The Marvels ↑ 'Captain Marvel's Brie Larson Wants Ms. Marvel In The Sequel ↑ Exclusive: Captain Marvel 2 Ideas "Pretty Amazing" Says Marvel Studios Boss Kevin Feige ↑ Marvel Cinematic Universe Shows Off 2020 & 2021 Slate: ‘Black Widow’, ‘Doctor Strange 2’, ‘Eternals’, ‘Shang-Chi & More ↑ Marvel Confirms ‘Fantastic Four’ Reboot, “Mutants” In Development ↑ 'Captain Marvel 2' in the Works With 'WandaVision' Writer (Exclusive) ↑ The Walt Disney Studios Announces Updated Release Schedule ↑ ‘Captain Marvel 2’: ‘Candyman’s Nia DaCosta To Direct Sequel ↑ ‘Captain Marvel 2’ To Film in the U.K. ↑ ‘Captain Marvel 2’ Flies Higher, Further, Faster with Director Nia DaCosta ↑ ‘Captain Marvel 2’: Zawe Ashton Tapped To Play Villain In Marvel Sequel ↑ CINEMATOGRAPHY WEEK: Sean Bobbitt, BSC, on Shooting Judas and the Black Messiah ↑ Captain Marvel 2 - Production List ↑ Working Title Captain Marvel 2 -Not Quantumania Is Goat Rodeo | Barside Exclusive ↑ ‘The Marvels’ Arrives in Theaters November 11, 2022 ↑ Exclusive: Seo-Jun Park joins the Marvel movie 'Captain Marvel 2'... Breathing with Brie Larson ↑ Captain Marvel 2: Brie Larson Hypes Up ‘Epic’ Sequel as Filming Begins ↑ Samuel L. Jackson on Instagram - August 11, 2021 ↑ UPDATE: Marvel Studios Upcoming Films Release Dates ↑ Captain Marvel NEWS on Twitter - November 24, 2021 ↑ ‘The Marvels’ Lands Laura Karpman From ‘What If…?’ as Composer (EXCLUSIVE) ↑ 'The Marvels' and 'Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania' Receive New Release Dates ↑ Marvel Studios Announces Robot Chicken Writer for 2023 Movie ↑ 'The Marvels' Launches to New Release Date ↑ Ahead of 'Secret Invasion,' It's Time to Give Maria Hill Her MCU Props ↑ Cobie Smulders on Her Tragic MCU Fate: “I’m Pretty Sure This Is It” ↑ Marvel Just Spoiled Valkyrie's Return In New Phase 5 Movie (Photo) External Links [ ] The Marvels on Wikipedia The Marvels on IMDb The Marvels on Facebook The Marvels on 𝕏 The Marvels on Instagram The Marvels on Disney+ The Multiverse Saga Phase Four Films Black Widow • Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings • Eternals • Spider-Man: No Way Home • Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness • Thor: Love and Thunder • Black Panther: Wakanda Forever TV Series WandaVision ( Season One ) • The Falcon and The Winter Soldier ( Season One ) • Loki ( Season One ) • What If...? ( Season One ) • Hawkeye ( Season One ) • Moon Knight ( Season One ) • Ms. Marvel ( Season One ) • I Am Groot ( Season One ) • She-Hulk: Attorney at Law ( Season One ) Specials Werewolf by Night • The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special Phase Five Films Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania • Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 • The Marvels • Deadpool & Wolverine • Captain America: Brave New World • Thunderbolts TV Series Secret Invasion ( Season One ) • I Am Groot ( Season Two ) • Loki ( Season Two ) • What If...? ( Season Two ) • Echo ( Season One ) • Agatha: Darkhold Diaries ( Season One ) • Your Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man ( Season One ) • Eyes of Wakanda ( Season One ) • Daredevil: Born Again ( Season One ) • Ironheart ( Season One ) • Marvel Zombies ( Season One ) Phase Six Films The Fantastic Four • Blade • Avengers: The Kang Dynasty • Avengers: Secret Wars TV Series Unknown Phase Films Armor Wars TV Series What If...? ( Season Three ) • Wonder Man ( Season One ) • Vision Quest ( Season One )