No. Title Directed by Written by Original release date 1 "Chafa" Sydney Freeland Marion Dayre and Josh Feldman & Steven Paul Judd and Ken Kristensen January 9, 2024 ( 2024-01-09 ) A flashback reveals the origins of the Choctaw, with Chafa emerging as a human from under the earth at Nanih Waiya . In 2007, Maya Lopez is in a car accident with her mother Taloa, after criminals cut their car's brakes. After losing both her leg and her mother in the accident, she moves from Tamaha, Oklahoma to New York City with her father William , whom Maya's grandmother Chula blames for the death of her daughter. William becomes a commander of the Tracksuit Mafia while his employer Wilson Fisk becomes Maya's adoptive uncle. Years later, Maya witnesses Clint Barton assault the Tracksuit Mafia and kill William.

Fisk arranges for Maya to work under him, promising to find William's killer. During a mission for Fisk, Maya is attacked by Daredevil . In December 2024, Maya encounters Barton and, after learning Fisk arranged William's death by tipping off Barton, avenges her father by shooting Fisk in the eye.

Five months later, Maya returns to Tamaha and meets with her cousin, Biscuits, and her uncle, Henry. She convinces them to not let anyone else know of her presence. Maya asks Henry to help her dismantle Fisk's operations so she can take over his empire, but Henry refuses, not wanting to endanger his family. Elsewhere, Fisk, who had survived, recovers from his injury in a hospital. 2 "Lowak" Sydney Freeland Story by : Marion Dayre & Ken Kristensen and Josh Feldman & Steven Paul Judd and Rebecca Roanhorse & Bobby Wilson Teleplay by : Marion Dayre and Josh Feldman & Steven Paul Judd and Ellen Morton January 9, 2024 ( 2024-01-09 ) In a flashback to Alabama in 1200 AD, Lowak is participating in a game of Choctaw Stickball against another tribe. When Lowak's team is close to winning, the opposing side send out a formidable warrior who helps to even the score. Lowak is desperate to avoid exile for her team if they should lose and receives a vision during an intense melee. With her hands glowing, Lowak breaks out of the melee with the ball and secures victory for her tribe. Maya enlists Biscuits' help in hijacking a cargo train guarded by Fisk's men. She locates a munitions container, and plants a homemade bomb inside one of the crates. As she attempts to get off, her prosthetic leg becomes stuck in a coupling. Maya receives a vision of her ancestors, then manages to push the coupling off to free her leg after her hands begin to glow. The shipment arrives at one of Fisk's armories in New York. Black Knife Cartel leader Zane dispatches men to unload the crate, triggering Maya's bomb which destroys the facility. Maya later gets a new prosthetic leg from Skully, who reveals that one of the women in Maya's vision was Chafa, the first Choctaw. Henry learns about the munitions explosion and later confronts Maya, warning her to stop these attacks before she ends up hurting people close to her, but she dismisses this. Meanwhile, Chula receives word that Maya is in town, and Bonnie learns of Maya's return in Tamaha from Biscuits. Maya refuses to interact with either of them. 3 "Tuklo" Catriona McKenzie Story by : Ken Kristensen and Jason Gavin and Shoshannah Stern Teleplay by : Marion Dayre and Ken Kristensen January 9, 2024 ( 2024-01-09 ) In a flashback to the late 1800s, Tuklo practices shooting with her father, one of the Lighthorsemen . Despite wanting to be a lighthorseman, her father forbids this due to her gender. Tuklo's father rides out to confront some local criminals while Tuklo braids her hair like a Choctaw warrior. She receives a vision of Chafa and Lowak, and her hands begin to glow. The criminals ambush Tuklo's father, but she hears the attack and arrives in time to save him and his group. Skully is visited by Chula, who encourages her to reach out to Maya. Maya receives a sudden vision of Chafa, Lowak and Tuklo, and is captured by Henry's employee, Vickie. Vickie is revealed to be in allegiance with Fisk, having tipped off the organization to Maya's location. He holds both Maya and Henry hostage at Henry's skating rink, and captures Bonnie after she shows up to visit Henry. Zane arrives for Maya, and betrays and kills Vickie. After a confrontation with Bonnie over her absence, Maya escapes and attacks Zane's enforcers. Zane threatens Bonnie and Henry, and holds Maya at gunpoint as he prepares to shoot her and Henry. After receiving a phone call, Zane and his men leave. Maya sends Bonnie away, promising to reconcile with her later. Maya learns from Henry that Fisk is still alive, and Henry promises to help her. Skully gives Maya a new look for her prosthetic. On her way out of town, Maya returns home and is confronted by Fisk. 4 "Taloa" Sydney Freeland Ken Kristensen and Josh Feldman & Chantelle M. Wells January 9, 2024 ( 2024-01-09 ) In 2008, a young Maya is verbally abused by an ice cream vendor, who fails to understand her request for ice cream as he doesn't know that she's deaf. An enraged Fisk retaliates by brutally attacking the vendor. Although Maya witnesses this, she shows no remorse and kicks the vendor as payback for his cruelty. Several years later, Maya is about to begin working for Fisk, when he offers a final lesson - they can only trust one another. While they finish their shared dinner, Fisk's ASL translator is dismissed and soon killed. Fisk gives Maya an augmented reality contact lens so that they can communicate without an ASL interpreter. Fisk tells her that he will give her his criminal empire if she agrees to return with him to New York, giving her one day to decide. Maya shares this with Henry, but receives an abrupt vision of her ancestors; at the Choctaw Powwow festival grounds, Chula receives the same vision. Henry takes Maya to see Chula, who tells her that their ancestors help them when they need it most, recounting a vision that she received when giving birth to Maya's mother. Maya leaves in anger, feeling abandoned by Chula as a child. Chula later begins to work on a special garment. That night, Maya goes to Fisk's hotel with the intention of killing him. Revealing to her that he killed his father after seeing him beat his mother,

Fisk tells her to make good on her threat if that is what she needs, but she rejects this. He repeats his invitation to join her in New York, but is enraged to find out the next morning that Maya has left Tamaha without him. 5 "Maya" Sydney Freeland Amy Rardin and Steven Paul Judd & Ellen Morton and Chantelle M. Wells January 9, 2024 ( 2024-01-09 ) In a flashback to her childhood, Maya hits a woodpecker with a slingshot. Taloa reprimands Maya for hurting an innocent life, and, with her hands glowing, heals the woodpecker. Later, the two release it back into the wild. Biscuits messages Maya that Chula and Bonnie are missing, and she returns to Tamaha. She quickly visits Chula's home, and is met by a vision of her mother, Taloa. Taloa tells her that she is the embodiment of their people's legacy, and that this legacy will echo through her actions. The vision ends, revealing Chula's finished garment. At the Choctaw Powwow Festival, Maya locates Fisk, who has kidnapped Chula and Bonnie, and threatens to kill her entire family for betraying him. Biscuits incapacitates Fisk's men with a monster truck , while Henry kills Zane. Maya shares her Choctaw powers with Chula and Bonnie, who overpower Fisk's men. Using her powers, Maya takes Fisk to the memory of his father beating his mother, in an effort to heal his trauma and help him let go of his anger. Returning to reality, an outraged Fisk demands to know what she did to him, and leaves the festival before the police arrive. The next day, Maya says goodbye to her family before leaving Tamaha. In a mid-credits scene , Fisk is on his airplane watching with interest a news story about the lack of front-runners in the New York mayoral elections.

